Mohamed plays often with the computer.
Do you know Ahmed?
Mohammed is a wonderful guitar player.
Never ever have a boxing match with Ali!
Rachid said he likes pineapple for breakfast.
My mother is the best cook in the world!
Who is Omar and what did he do?
I usually like to eat flying tomato salad.
HTML is not a programming language.
1 centillion is a huge number, it has 303 zeros.
Our eyes don‘t grow, but our ears and nose grow forever.
It's a false fact that you eat an average amount of spiders a year.
The amount of insects in Germany has decreased by about 80% in the last 15 years.
An elephant on the roof is soon an elephant in the house.
A kick in the butt is a step forward.
Who the heck is Johnny?!
How is the weather, Ubuntu?
Linux on desktop has about 4% marketshare in Germany.
The webs standards are made by the W3C.
Richard, how are you going to achieve this?
Egypt is a country that is often mentioned in the Bible.
Abraham is a well known person in Christianity, Islam and Judaism.
Everyone has an opinion about Jesus Christ.
Chris said that Lisa did it but I don’t trust him.
Who would have thought that one man could change everything.
Have you ever been to Nigeria?
I use Arch Linux by the way.
Use the tool that's needed for the job.
I'm going to go for a jog.
You guys at Mozilla should really include every letter of the alphabet into this.
Drunken elks are very dangerous, be aware.
Stepping out of a car that has been hit by lighting is life threatening.
Please use your turn signal.
The cross has a big meaning in Christianity.
Church and state are separated for a reason.
Thank you so much for your contribution.
There is a whole lot of joy in playing piano.
Do not do tomorrow what you could do today.
Procrastination is a huge problem in the 21st century.
Don‘t fight fire with fire, it would not help.
This sentence was specifically made for you.
Soccer is as famous in Germany as football is in the USA.
Danielle has spent the night with lions.
Hannelore is an old German name.
Your donation means a lot to us, thank you.
This is unfair.
Developer Tools are way more important than you think.
Have you ever seen a spaghetti tree?
You should only let perfectly spelled sentences through.
Each sentence should not even be off by one word.
Teaching kids English with Common Voice is a win-win situation.
You can be sure that they aren't when someone tells you they are wise.
Wisdom and intelligence are two very separate things.
Wisdom is knowledge used for good.
The biggest living thing is a mushroom.
