I need to hear the song Aspro Mavro from Bill Szymczyk on Youtube
play Yo Ho from the new york pops on Youtube
Play some seventies music by Janne Puurtinen on Youtube.
play the Música Da Série De Filmes O Hobbit album by Alex Otaola
Play Magic Sam from the thirties
Play The Soft Parade.
Play music by blowfly from the seventies
play Jeff Pilson on Youtube
play a tune by Syreeta Wright from twenties from the top
Please play me Jerry Lee Lewis's If You Say So track.
play the newest by Exuma
Play the album alas y raíces by Dave Pybus.
play music by Helen Ward
Play some sixties music.
Plan an album by Roni Duani.
I want to listen to Born On The Bayou on Iheart
Play the best music by Arthur Johnston.
Play the song gangsta? by Siavash Ghomayshi
Play Lukasz Gottwald album on Zvooq
Play me some music by Prince Alla from the twenties
Play the newest two thousand and sixteen ep from Boaz Mauda.
play Escapada
I'd like to hear music from nineteen fifty-one, preferably a soundtrack.
Play two thousand and three Ben Burnley on Spotify
Play Marche Lorraine by Rachael Lampa
Play some soul music
Play Robin Hood Rescuing Three Squires by Bhupinder Singh
Play the top-five songs from Paddy Reilly on zvooq
Open Groove Shark and play native us
play chant by Prurient
play Shake Your Head
Play Justin Broadrick's music on Slacker.
Play some nineteen fifty-four songs on my Itunes.
Play a two thousand and eleven ballad by Evil Jared Hasselhoff on Lastfm.
play laura love songs from nineteen fifty-nine
Play Inside The Eye by twinkie clark
Play Goa music on Google Music.
Play The Way It Has To Be by Tom G Warrior on Zvooq
Play some nineties chant music from Nicoleta Nicola
Play Alone, Again from Mike Viola
open Spotify and play a couple of celtic songs
Play a concerto by Thekra.
play The Trail Of The Lonesome Pine on Netflix
Please play the newest music by Evil Jared Hasselhoff
Play Noctámbulo pl
Open up Lastfm and play some songs.
Can you play a top five song by Manos Hadjidakis
Play sixties on Spotify
Play music by Antonella Barba from the album Bath
Play melody music from the fourties.
Play some Katiejane Garside on Vimeo.
Play me a top-ten song by Phil Ochs on Groove Shark
Play Out From Under from Hurricane Chris
Play a sound track by Pee Wee Russell on Zvooq.
Play One Way Ticket by Ray Kennedy.
Play my entertaining playlist
Will you pull up my Jueves de Antaño playlist
Play some eighties movement music
Use Spotify to play me music
use Deezer to play top five Moya Brennan
I'd like to hear Nas's greatest ballad
Open Netflix and find a movie with the song heartful
PLay some fourties music from Erin Harkes
Play dhafer youssef top-twenty on netflix
I'd like to play the top ten Mickdeth on Google Music
play music by Don Reno
Play some Last Fm music like the nineteen ninety-two ep from Peaches
Play some indie music on spotify.
Play a cohesive playlist for me
Play nineteen sixty-six theme music on Slacker.
Play some jpop on Google Music.
Play music from two thousand and two
play Lastfm pop tunes
play a concerto that was most popular in nineteen fifty-eight by mickey hart
Let me listen to Rouhollah Khaleghi on deezer.
Please play music from Itunes
Play me the most popular Peja song on Slacker
Play my seventies Smash Hits playlist.
Play me a song from the fourties
Play celtic music
play Moustapha Amar Make It Rain
I want to hear a top ten soundtrack from nineteen eighty-four by Shinehead
Play the nineteen fifty-one ballad
I want to hear Dave Seaman's ep
Play music from artist Ashley
play Miguelito top charting album
I want to hear Papa Mali's songs from the fifties
play some tango on iheart
Play jazz music by Zvooq
play songs by Wise
Play music from the eighties on Slacker.
I want to hear Ready by Frankenstein Drag Queens From Planet thirteen
Play a song from the seventies by Pepe Aguilar
Play something by Brian Chase.
open Fadl Shaker on Spotify and play a melody starting with the newest
Play a Scott Lafaro soundtrack
play songs from the sixties
Play a tune from Space Mandino.
Open Vimeo and paly every song released in nineteen eighty-six
Find me music by Kaori Utatsuki off the album that has top-twenty hits
Play my playlist TGIF on itunes
Play some thrash metal.
play a top-ten ballad from nineteen ninety-five
Play ballad from Mandy Moore
Play movement music from Sheryfa Luna
Play the artist Joe
play some Prabha Atre
Play ballad music by Jeff Lynne.
Play me a nineteen fifty-seven ep
Play Pease Porridge Hot by Johnny Vicious on Zvooq
play a nineteen ninety-four tune by Lena Horne
Play a tune by Houston on Spotify
Play a top fifty track from the twenties
Play Sense Tu from Ebi Hamedi
play a good John Maher record with Netflix
use netflix to play Bizzy Bone Kiss Me Goodnight, Sergeant Major
Play music from nineteen sixty-nine on lastfm .
play something from nineteen eighty-one
play Heavy Machinery by Phil Spector on Zvooq
Play i believe from Chico Buarque off of iheart
Play some symphonic rock.
Play some twenties chant music on Slacker
Play some songs from the fifties
Play a song by Electric Tones from their Kurutta Taiyō album on Last Fm
play some Bertine Zetlitz record
Play my Hardstyle, Baby playlist on Netflix
Play the top symphony music from Ejigayehu Shibabaw
Open Itunes and play Heath music from nineteen eighty-one
I want to listen to a concerto from Timour Moutsouraev.
Play me the dinner playlist
play music by Shinji Miyazaki
Play any music on Spotify
Play a record from the seventies
open the Canciones del Recuerdo playlist and play songs
Play the top-ten chant by Caetano Veloso on Pandora
Play Water Under The Bridge by Hariprasad Chaurasia.
play Matt Uelmen songs from nineteen sixty-five on Slacker
I want to hear Shooby Taylor's Tearing Up The Album Charts.
Play Niko from the fourties
Play Clásicos del Hip Hop Español
Play Circus Farm by Deana Carter.
play some nineties music
play music by Bryan Maclean
Play POP GOES THE eighties.
Play music from two thousand and fifteen
Play music from nineteen sixty-four
Play me songs from agreable
Play tune from Sonny Stitt
Play some fifty Shades of Love
Play some sixties music on Slacker.
Play Tomorrow
Can you play a sound track by Sissieretta Jones
Play me a nineties song by Joseph Genaro
I want to hear Sarban's greatest hits
play ray davies on Iheart by only Hit It Again
Play my eighty-eight Keys playlist.
Play some Rockwell from around nineteen ninety-six
Play me a top twenty chant by Ruwanga Samath on Lastfm
play something from the twenties
Play Ciribiribin by Sandeep Khare
play some nineteen ninety-one Dave Barker
Play Wynton Kelly music on Netflix sort by popular
Play bebob on Iheart
Play the top five by Akira The Don.
play some rap on Pandora
Play a melody from Elmer Bernstein
play The Necromancer
Can you play Under The Anheuser Bush by Pete Doherty
Play any song from two thousand and one
I want to hear some music from Groove Shark
Play Sound Of Love from Papa Mali
I wanna hear something on Spotify by Eddie Vinson
Play a twenties track by the aj carothers on Zvooq.
Play Magic Time by Phoebus
Play Johnny Gimble
play music from nineteen eighty-one
play music on Netflix
Play a tune by Andrew Findon
Play the playlist, A Mis Niños de thirty.
Play some chanson music
Play a movement from nineteen seventy-four.
Can you play Maggie Mae on Netflix
Play music by Young Steff
Play Barbra Streisand music from nineteen ninety-seven.
Play greatest chant music from Beni Arashiro
play Make The Cowboy Robots Cry by Sabin Rai on Vimeo
Can you play me songs from the Estado de ánimo playlist?
Play music by Janet Paschal
Play Praise The Lord And Pass The Ammunition.
Please play Short And Sweet by Teyana Taylor from my itunes.
Play fourties music on Pandora.
Play music by Damien Rice
Play some Rachel Stevens off of Itunes
Play music from the seventies for me. 
Play some Tony Grant.
play Andy White
Use Google Music to play a song
Play Spotify
Play music from two thousand and seven.
Play me a song from the sixties
play Robin Trower Unravel
play the top twenty movement songs from Roberto Valverde
Play hanging in the balance by Nik Kershaw on Zvooq.
Play the album Vibrations by Marion Elise Raven
play a track by Mila Islam from Deezer
play Jawad Ahmad
play fourties tunes by Bryan Webb on Groove Shark
play Party Ben on Slacker
Use Groove Shark to play music from the nineties
Play eighties music
play my Madrugando playlist on Groove Shark
play Darude
Play Shinji Miyazaki's music on netflix
Play 2gether by Jade Puget
play Wow by Jon Theodore
play Doctor Fink if i could choose
Please open pandora for me
Can I hear a tune from Vladimir Vysotski?
Please play Different Slanguages by Fred Labour.
play music from the sixties
I want to hear Somi's songs from the twenties
play Tom Jones album from the twenties
play songs on Itunes
play a chant by Sonsee
Play my Piano Ballads playlist.
play the album a kiss before you go by Bt
Play the Instrumental Study on Vimeo.
Play some salsa music.
Play top Rosanne Cash
play Slacker tunes
Play the most popular soundtrack by Elena Paparizou on youtube
Play Midnight Special
play pop music with Groove Shark
play Takes Place In Your Work Space by Eddie Kendricks
Play eighties music by Kaira Kwong on Google Music
play nineteen seventy trunes
Play breathtaking music
Play a track from nineteen eighty-five.
Play shining down by Tsukiko Amano on pandora.
play Who Do You Think You Are by Magnifico with spotify
Play tribal
Play Rain by Subliminal on Groove Shark
Play ballad music from nineteen fifty-eight
Repeat the track of music
Play the playlist introspective
Please play a song from the thirties by Peter Murphy on Last Fm
Play Party Through The Decades on Deezer
Play Martha My Dear by shannon.
play the greatest Adrian Kowanek music
Can I hear a symphony from the seventies on Youtube?
I'd like to listen to Space music
play the last Niney The Observer song
Play a chant by Mj Cole
Play industrial music.
Play always by walter parazaider.
Play thirties on Lastfm
play music form the fourties with Slacker
Use pandora to play music from stano in the year two thousand and five
Use Groove Shark to play Krizz Kaliko
Play the music of Filipp Bedrossowitsch Kirkorow's theme
Play Skin & Bone by Jess Stacy on Deezer
Play me a seventies ep
play falco on Zvooq for Good Hit
On Itunes play the latest Anna Yesipova ep
Play music from the track She Came In Through The Bathroom Window
play some best selling rave songs
Play Change Has Come on Google Music.
Play the newest stuff by blowfly
Play the playlist spring
I want to hear something from the nineties by Alissa Musto on Groove Shark
Play Trace Adkins' music from the thirties.
Play a soundtrack from nineteen fifty-four.
Can you play something from the fourties, preferably a symphony?
play Clifford Brown All Stars by Michael Balzary
play Pandora Christian Gangsta Rap
Play any chanson
Play a chant from the fifties
Play Leanne Dobinson Right To Dream
play The Happiest Days Of Our Lives by Tommy Emmanuel
Please play This Is The Day by Brian Robertson.
play Abhijeet Bhattacharya from nineteen eighty-six
Play a new tune by louis silvers.
Play me a song by Steve Hackett from Manuel
Play Portsmouth by Paul Smith on Google Music.
Play Dj Drama from the nineteen seventy-six
play my tribute by Billy Cox
Play the playlist, Hardstyle, Baby.
Play me a sound track by Bert Mccracken on zvooq
Play some music from the fourties.
Play music on Itunes.
I want to hear a Sandra ep
play theme by Yanni on Vimeo
play fourties tunes
Play a two thousand and four song by eliel on Zvooq.
Play some music on Vimeo
Play the newest music by Gladys Knight
play Hora Din Moldova by Yamazaki Maso
play the album Winner Takes All by Takuro with Last Fm
Play the best ballad by The Rascals.
Play me the track Mama Liked The Roses
Play eighties
Play a two thousand and fourteen theme from Greg Pattillo
Play some music from Roberto Carlos
Play the concert from Philip Oakey nineteen seventy-three concert on Netflix
Play some music from nineteen ninety-five
Play Kaori Mochida's most popular music on Google Music.
Play A Chaos Of Desire from Dan Snaith
Play music by Country Dick Montana.
play chant from the nineties with Last Fm
Play a top five song from Wally Bastian on Google Music
Play White Noise.
Play ep from Quasimoto from the nineties
play a nineteen eighty-eight soundtrack
Play a popular sound track by Joe Pass on Itunes.
Play something from the jonathon lee movement
play James Moody ballad
I want to listen to some music from two thousand and three on Pandora from them
play a top fifty  tune from the twenties by Willi Williams
play fifties track music
Play theme music from two thousand and eleven.
play music by Billy Powell
Play One Good Reason by Tommy Flanagan on Itunes
Play some fun-punk
Play me a song by Dj Paul Elstak in nineteen eighty-eight on Zvooq
Play Hasan Saltik from two thousand and four
I want to hear popular music from Martin Lopez
Play A Sudden Rainstorm playlist.
play wendy james from the fifties
Use Itunes to play music
Play a Paul Davis melody
Play Lorenzo Palacios Quispe
Put on Vimeo and play Kacapi Suling
play a soundtrack by Sarah Geronimo on google music
Play me a song from nineteen seventy-six by Bennie Moten
I want to hear eighties music by Noko on deezer.
Play some Glenn Miller.
Can I hear a song by David Hodges?
Play The New Retro playlist on Netflix.
Play some P. J. Proby
Play soundtrack by Armand Van Helden
Play The Lamentation Of Cloris
I want to hear the new Latin Pop Rising list
Please play some music from the seventies movement
play Signe Anderson chant music that is newest
play Richard Thompson from the thirties song book
Play funtime activity
Play me a song from Luxury Liner
I want to hear De Eerste Keer from Paul Caiafa  off of Google Music
Play a sixties song.
I want to hear some twenties music off of Deezer
Play some movement from nineteen fifty-nine on deezer.
play songs by Queen
Please play good music by Will Oldham.
Play a song from the thirties on Zvooq
play Vanlose Stairway by Janove Ottesen
Play me the last nineteen eighty record by Brenda Kahn
Play music from the top-five from artist Kenia Arias
Lets hear some two thousand and nine music
Play some bass music.
Play Furusato on Google Music.
Play Party Anthems
use Iheart radio to play eighties music from Hugh Masekela.
Play a symphony from Bob Hardy please
Play some eighties music.
Play a nineteen sixty-four track from Shahram Nazeri on Pandora.
Sort to the last song on playlist from nineteen eighty-three a chant by Mark Oliver Everett
Play a new symphony by Perfecto De Castro on Lastfm
Play some music from the thirties.
Play some Matthew Sweet music from around nineteen ninety-six on Spotify
open lastfm  play top hits of Simon Webbe
play nineteen eighty-one music on Last Fm
Play a track from nineteen fifty-nine.
Play chant music by Big Dee Irwin.
Play me Gil Parris's A Cup Of Coffee, A Sandwich And You
Play Pura Vida.
Play a top fifty ballad by Linda Strawberry on Google Music
use Spotify to play greatest songs from Kailash Kher
Play the newest melody by Cisco Adler on pandora
Use service Vimeo to play music from the artist Mick track Now We Are five
Open Youtube and play Renaldo Lapuz record from the eighties
play some good amber gristak on Lastfm
play some synthpop
Play music from my relentless playlist
Plpay my Disco Fever playlist.
play valerij kipelov on Vimeo
Can you play The Change Is Made on Netflix
Play some Robbie Merrill.
Play me a song from the twenties by Randy Bachman
I need to hear some r&b music off of iheart
Play some dance music.
Play new music from Liang Wern Fook
listen to Pmd symphony
play By The Sleepy Lagoon by Greg Kurstin
I want to listen to some Saori Atsumi from the twenties on Deezer
Play some gangsta music
Play The Eternal by Juju Mob on Vimeo.
Play me a Mario Vazquez movement
Play music on Lastfm
Play Eve
Play music from two thousand and eleven.
Play some Psychedelic Rock.
play Top one hundred Indie Tracks on Spotify on Lastfm
play an eighties track 
Can you play me some eighties music by Adele
Play Oliver Cheatham's symphony from the thirties.
Play chant music by Ira Losco on Iheart.
Play me the most popular Lillian Hardin song on Itunes
Play the red room sessions from chris cunningham
Can i use Lastfm to listen to Twilight Time by Dj Khalil?
I want to listen to Roger Daltrey from the sixties on slacker
Play music from Tommy Ridgley.
play All Of Your Toys by Chris Ledoux
Play music by Fidel Nadal sorted by newest.
Play Shaina Magdayao's music on Iheart
I need to hear a thirties soundtrack
Play Dave Wyndorf album
Play me a song by Linn Berggren from Spotify
Play me something by Funtwo
Play some The Lady Is A Tramp from Timour Moutsouraev
play pandora tracks by Akhtar Sadmani
Please play some music from nineteen ninety-six
Use the service Lastfm to play music by the artist ai kago
Can you play a song by Ken
Play music using Last Fm
play some Kyle Ward from the seventies
Play Bald by Kaskade.
Play me some music on Deezer
Play my Futuros Hits playlist on Spotify.
Play Strength of Street Knowledge on Groove Shark
Use Pandora to play Korean OSTs
Play some Gospel music.
Play satire
Play the top twenty ep from the fifties by John Bundrick.
Play Alfredo Zitarrosa on spotify.
Play me some Terror music
Play music from two thousand and ten by Jason Donovan
Play me something on Last Fm
Play Giovanni Battista Guadagnini's nineteen eighty-two tracks.
Play some Rumba Africana.
Play Greg Raposo songs from the thirties
Play a top-five song by Pete Candoli.
Play Iheart
Play the symphony by Tetsuya Ogawa from nineteen fifty-three
Can you play me some Pop-folk music
Play that new song from nineteen seventy
Play some space music on Google Music
Play a song by Juanes on Last Fm
Play Salmonella Dub Dvd by mario rubalcaba on Vimeo 
Play some music from nineteen fifty-eight on Deezer.
I want to hear some of David Gilmour's music from nineteen seventy-three
Play music from the playlist Late Night Jazz
Play the song Victim Of Changes from Hawkshaw Hawkins on Spotify
Play the music from the playlist Get Lit
play Bra Vibrationer by Dean
Play music from the playlist Get Your Mind Right
Play Talking To The Universe on Itunes
I want to hear the album Insult To Injury by Narayana Tirtha.
play latest Shaggy music
Play Slacker radio.
Will you play a ballad from Mahalaxmi Iyer
use Spotify to play Nina Persson from nineteen sixty-two
I want toi hear some Pop Punk Perfection �� off of Deezer
Start up my Independent Music Monday playlist.
Play That Would Be Something by Eden Ahbez
Please play Every Woman In Me
Play some Ven A Mi
Please play some fourties music on Spotify
Play Dj Cameo on itunes.
play some gotye
play This Is Colour by Panda Bear
Play songs by Cheryl Wheeler
Play the most popular song from Chae Yeon off of Spotify
Please play me something by New Wave Of American Heavy Metal
Play Deezer
Play me the best Charles Neidich song
I want to hear the sound track to Mary Macgregor new songs on Iheart
Play music on the playlist Electronic Gaming
I want to hear some Bill Black chant music
Play some thirties music on Netflix.
play some eighties by Amirbai Karnataki
Open Youtube and play Connie Francis Sings Spanish And Latin American Favorites from Yukiko Iwai
Play the Ricky Wilson album Spectral Dusk
Play Red Barchetta by Blind Lemon Jefferson.
Play the track R U Professional by Roberto Carlos Braga
play drive playlist
Play Regulate…g Funk Era by artist Iouri Bachmet on groove shark
play music from Itunes for Ric Grech
Play some music on Lastfm.
Play The Fool On The Hill by Khwaja Ghulam Farid
Play the best songs of two thousand and sixteen
Play something by Chris Knight
Wish to hear a concerto by Diplo from nineteen fifty-two
play songs from Youtube
Play an album from the fourties, new first.
Play Chantal Kreviazuk, Sister Ray
play Isaac Hayes on Pandora from love, sweat and beer ep
play Only Hope by Graham Bonnet
Play some Avantgarde music on Netflix.
Play gothic music
I want to hear Song For Adam
Play the playlist Feel Good Dinner.
Play the top track by Claudja Barry on Last Fm
Play some Iris Dement's theme based two thousand and fifteen music on lastfm 
Play the latest ballad by September
Play fifties music
play songs by Sarah Harding
Play Maggot Brain by Albano Carrisi
Play a Jack Lawrence concerto
I want to hear the top Tim Madison
Play the nineteen ninety-one soundtrack from Ian Mcdonald
Play the best songs by Jes Brieden
Play me a song by Kevin Cadogan
Play something from my Songs For You, Not Your Parents playlist
Play Making Out by Alexander Rosenbaum off Google Music.
Play Rocket Queen on Itunes
Please play a song by Everlast
Play me some chant from the last half of the sixties
Play music by Paul Mccartney
Play some Krzysztof Penderecki on Last Fm
Play easy listening
play Robert Stoddard from nineteen eighty-eight
Play Gloria on last fm
play some movement by Dj Spinna
play Lily, Rosemary And The Jack Of Hearts by Chris Goss
play Zvooq latest track by Peter Appleyard
Play Brenda Kahn's Rushall Station.
play the top five songs by Isaac Hayes
Play some music from the thirties.
Play two thousand and eleven music 
I want to hear Sebastian's songs from the thirties on Youtube
Play top twenty from frank farian
Play some music using slacker
Play some psychadelic music.
Play some Geir Jenssen.
Start playing my Disney playlist.
I want to hear a Gucci Mane song from Last Fm from two thousand and two
Play me a two thousand and three song by Charles Neidich
I want to hear some songs from the twenties
I'd like to hear chant songs from nineties
Can you play the newest record from nineteen sixty-six by Tony Lee
Please play Kabhi Jo Baadal Barse by Ruth Lorenzo
Play a record from two thousand and fifteen
Use the service Zvooq to play top-ten by artist Coolio
Play thirties symphony music from Nigga on Iheart
play a sound track by Tom Thacker
Play some Laurie Anderson.
Open Last Fm and play the top song from Daniel Lee Chee Hun
play some twenties music on Iheart
Play popular eighties record
Play the track Grow Old With Me by artist Chloe Rose Lattanzi
on Deezer play fourties tunes by Jona Bechtolt and a ballad
play Kings Of The Wild Frontier by Andrea Bocelli
Play an album from nineteen eighty-seven.
Play music from nineteen sixty
Play a movement from the nineties
Play Bob Hilliard top-twenty music
Play a seventies soundtrack by steve walsh on Groove Shark
Use Deezer service to play Opera 
play Zvooq
I want to hear Techno-industrial music.
play the top song by Amon Amarth on Groove Shark
Play Julie Driscoll
play something from the twenties
Play The View From The Afternoon by Malese Jow on Last Fm
play songs by Sammy Fain
Play music from the year nineteen sixty-four
Play the heinz strobl ep from two thousand and sixteen on Groove Shark
Play me Leonid Soybelman on Vimeo.
Play a song from my workout playlist on Groove Shark
play some Alte Kameraden music
Play the music Hands Up
Play some twenties theme music on Google Music.
Play a fifties album on Itunes.
Play genre opera
Play shadowplay by Dana on Deezer.
Play music on Deezer by Imogen Heap
Find a top fifty zahir howaida concerto from the seventies
Play the newest twenties melody.
I want to hear Box Of Rain by Skeets Mcdonald
Please play Casino Boogie
I want to hear a full album on youtube by Jem Godfrey
Play an Asha Bhosle song from around nineteen sixty-four
Play music from the twenties.
Play something by Louisiana Blues
Play new Ian Mclagan
Play music on Itunes
I want to hear Ding Dong Bell on groove shark
Play fifties music on Slacker.
Play Before I Grew Up To Love You by Wafah Dufour
Play a Jim Mullen ep from the sixties
Play some good music from two thousand and twelve.
Play the greatest soundtrack by Nhat Son on Last Fm.
Play the top hits of two thousand and sixteen
Play Fight On, State.
Use Pandora to play music from Maki Onaga from the album made in the nineties
Play the top five Cemil Bey songs
Play opera music on google music
play music by Francis Healy
play a track from the thirties
Play music on Spotify.
play newest soundtrack from two thousand and eight
play Itunes  songs by Gerard Way
Play Cherry Pink by Trapp Mendoza on Iheart
Play Rei Momo newest album
I want to hear a track by Ryohei Yamamoto on Vimeo
Start up my nostalgic playlist. 
play some papoose from two thousand and three on youtube
Use Deezer to play music by Kimberley Walsh
Play Punk Rock music
Play something by Louis Nelson Delisle.
play nineteen sixty-two music on Netflix
Play a song by David Silveria from two thousand and two on Zvooq.
play the two thousand and fourteen album from la lupe
Play Revival music.
I want to hear opera on Netflix
play the song Si No Te Hubiera Conocido by Haidar Salim
Start up my Pachangueo Total playlist. 
Open the playlist from Sergei Chatschatrjan
open Itunes and play Kenny Cox most popular concerto
play the Gary Chaw album
Play me some grunge music
Play Chris Goss on Netflix
Play The Garden Of Allah  from Wade Mainer
Play Alles Heeft Ritme by Liu Tianhua.
Play the best Vanessa Peters songs
Play That Stubborn Kinda Fellow by Michael Amott
play a nineteen eighty-three concerto by Ayaka on Itunes
I want to hear Dido from nineteen sixty-six on Youtube
Play Andy Williams Sings Rodgers And Hammerstein by elica todorova
Play Tujiko Noriko's Ten Years And Running.
Open google music and play Women of Jazz playlist
Play christian gangsta rap
Play Donald Rubinstein on Pandora
Play Shinya Yamada music from nineteen sixty-two on Groove Shark 
play the greatest Vimeo tunes by angelo amorevoli on soundtrack
Play some Google Music.
Open Deezer and play top forty hits
Play me a nineties sound track
play a symphony that is good from two thousand
Play some music on Pandora
play music from the twenties
play the most popular Miles Jones track
Play Miyavi's music from seventies on Google Music.
Play a twenties soundtrack on Youtube
Play slow rock music
Play some techno on Lastfm
Will you play me the most popular sound track from two thousand and six
Play the song I Get Ideas as performed by Richard Kruspe
Play new track from the fifties
Can you play an ep from the year nineteen fifty-eight?
play scott la rock from Stella on Slacker
Play Thelma Aoyama's latest concerto
Make and play a new playlis with the theme songs released in nineteen sixty-eight
Play the tune by Adam Yauch
Play some melody from the eighties on Spotify
Play music by mina caputo on Lastfm
Play some fifties music by Origa.
Play a popular Gurdas Maan track
play an album on Netflix by chris castle from two thousand and eleven
Play the most popular music by Ronald Isley on Google Music
Play the top-twenty music by merz
play twenties music off of my Itunes
Play a Mike Osborne song
play Groove Shark
Play me a Maia Hirasawa soundtrack from nineteen fifty-one
Play Elysium from Ryan Cayabyab
play Matt Walker tunes
play Solange two thousand and sixteen album 
Play a soundtrack by Mike Hindert on Spotify.
Play the top-five sort of ballad music from two thousand and twelve.
I want to listen to Lastfm, play A Drop Of The Hard Stuff by Joi Chua.
play Pop two thousand and seventeen Picks
play Groove Shark
I want hear some Junior Murvin off of Youtube
I want to hear a top-fifty track from Takahito Eguchi on Google Music
Play twenty-five To Life by Paul Riley on Deezer.
Play me some seventies music with a good melody
play an Masaki Aiba tune
play Morning Song
I want to hear a fourties ballad by Luciano
play a good nineteen fifty-two symphony
play Hardcore music
Play a top twenty symphony by Bumble Bee Slim
play Wait Until Tomorrow
play a music ballad from the sixties
Play the top nineteen ninety-one sound track
Play the latest songs by Larry Gatlin on Iheart
Play me a bluegrass song
Play a sixties song by Classified
play Monie Love tunes on Google Music from nineteen eighty-four from her song list
Play pop
Play a melody from Elmer Bernstein
I want to listen to my Spain Top fifty playlist on groove shark
Play top-ten eighties song
Play Michael Angelo Batio
Play a twenties concerto from Roger Taylor on deezer
play dj kentaro from the year nineteen ninety-four
play a twenties song
Can you play me a track from the nineties?
Play a song off Get Up Offa That Thing by Doseone on Last Fm
Play a movement fromthe eighties by Nobuo Uematsu.
Play In Every Dream Home A Heartache by vincent paul abbott 
Play the newest released song from nineteen fifty-one
use Slacker to listen to seventies music
Play the best song by Henry Rollins.
play my melodious playlist
Play top music from Charles L. Johnson on vimeo 
Play the top-twenty from Tony Calder off Slacker.
play anything from the twenties
Play music from two thousand and twelve by Yossif Kobzon on last fm.
Play the theme tune that Christian Fennesz wrote
Open Youtube and play Nanana from Massimo Altomare
Open Lastfm and play a voluntad del cielo from Wax
I want to hear a nineteen fifty-seven theme song
Play my Electro Sur playlist. 
play the last track by Shavo Odadjian
Play Brotherhood by Ock Joo-hyun
play latest George Ducas music
play a tune from nineteen sixty-two
play I Could Write A Book
listen to acapella
Play music from two thousand and five by Justin Broadrick
Play the best nineteen eighty-one sound track from Ric Fierabracci
Play a ballad by Owen Pallett from the seventies on Slacker.
Play concerto from nineteen fifty-one
Play Yung Joc on slacker
I want to listen to Speed Metal Symphony
play journey list
Play a melody by Hagigat Rzayeva
Play fifties from Sirusho Harutyunyan
Play a fairouz tune on Deezer
play the top-twenty songs by The Kleptones on Spotify
Play the greatest music you can find by Ari Herstand on Zvooq
play nineties Love Songs on Youtube
Please play Got The Time
Play twenties from Ken Floyd
Play the playlist Grime Shutdown
Play Masashi Hamauzu's newest symphony on Itunes.
Play the playlist funtime activity 
Play some seventies songs from Luke Haines off of youtube
Play Clay Aiken's The Bonny Hind on Groove Shark.
Play a song from Helena Iren Michaelsen on Spotify
Play thirties music by Flex on Google Music
Play the good sort of nineteen ninety-two theme music by Layzie Bone
Play the last soundtrack from the sixties
Play the latest ep from Lobby Loyde on Netflix
Play some Dave Pearce.
play track Her Majesty
I want to hear the newest music from The Railway Children
Play Short Walk On A Long Pier on Slacker
I want to hear Vegetables by pharrell williams
Play the album Making Evening And Night by Cevin Key 
Create a theme station with Jim Creeggan records and collabs 
Open Pandora and play Reggaeton two thousand and seventeen y Baila!
Play a Martyn Bennett from nineteen fifty-seven on Pandora
Play the Mother Lode by Tamio Okuda
Play the top melody from artist Maakii
Play any album from the twenties
Play me a song on Pandora
Play me a song by Stephen Jones
Play a nineteen ninety-eight sound track  from Sam The Kid on Last Fm
Play an ep by Uncle Jimmy Thompson
Play some Game music.
Play music from two thousand and twelve on Netflix.
I want to hear a good song from two thousand and sixteen
Play the playlist Gypsy Swing
play some grunge
Play some Sam Moore.
play Mikazuki Sunset
Play music on itunes from artist Jessica Delfino
open Deezer and search for Scott Miller and play some of his new songs
play Peja tunes
Play a Wendy Carlos song from two thousand and two
Play a new song form the eighties
Play the track titled Faget
Play the top song by Jack Grisham
Please play Jag Vill Leva I Europa by porta
Want to hear a chant by Nellie Mckay from the year two thousand and eight
Play the top-ten chant Doda songs from the twenties.
Play sound track  music from the twenties
Play some Carmen Mcrae from Ed Robertson off of Itunes
play a song by Fats Waller
I'd like to listen to Diana Vickers best tune from the twenties
Can you play any chant from the fourties?
Play some music by Daniel Carter
Play twenties on Groove Shark
Play twenties symphony from Robert Walter
Can you play a sonata
Let's listen to the most popular Marty Friedman songs on Zvooq.
Play an album from the fourties
Play me a Xuefei Yang symphony on Groove Shark
play soem nineties Charles Thompson
Play some dance music
Let's hear some tunes from the thirties.
Play the seventies album on last fm
Play music from Lastfm and Deezer.
play Té Para Tres
Play artist stu davis from the album Dub Chamber three on Netflix
Play music by Ian Haugland
Play some Drum & Bass
play a symphonic rock on Pandora
Play the last theme by Behzad Mirkhani.
Open Netflix and play David Frizzell
Can you play Crossover?
Plya a tune by Kancherla Gopanna from nineteen fifty-one on Zvooq
Play some fourties music on Spotify.
play the album Everybody Happy by Lee Aaron
Play the theme music from nineteen sixty-three by Yuki Koyanagi
play Groove Shark folk-rock
play the album How Insensitive
play some Classical music on Spotify
Play Used To Love Her by Dara.
Play me a twenties tune on Deezer
play music by Cass Elliot
Play concerto from the eighties
Play On My Own
Play Nick Hexum latest album
Play me a twenties song
play a ballad from two thousand
Play the sound track by Ferry Corsten
Play a two thousand and nine concerto on Deezer.
Play me some Max Martin on Lastfm
play some Sia Furler on Last Fm
Play the thirties soundtrack by ghader abdollahzadeh on Youtube
play Say A Word by La India
Play me a fifties song by Chingy
Play music from Paul Landers
Play Taiwan Is Good by Kotoko.
I'm in the mood to listen to meditative music.
Play Hughie Graham by Vidyadhar Vyas
Give me an album from nineteen seventy-two to listen to.
Play some nineteen sixty-two theme music.
Play Noctámbulo playlist
Play Annet Artani soundtrack on Slacker
play the track The Wizard And I
Play Crossroad Blues.
Play some amber kuo from the eighties on Spotify.
I need to hear some music from Spotify
Play some sister rosetta tharpe songs from the eighties
Play on spotify Ms Scandalous
Play a twenties tune by Jodie Aysha.
play Addicted To You by Hank Ballard
Play Tooh by Eric Bazilian on Google Music.
Play music by Keren Woodward
Play music by Paulinho Da Viola from nineteen sixty-five
Play Sergei Anatoljewitsch Kurjochin's music on Groove Shark.
Play the song Little Robin Redbreast
Play music from the artist Irma Pane
Play an Andy Silvester sound track from the thirties on Spotify
Play the music of Tupac Shakur
Play anything from the top-fifty Jeff Irwin record off of itunes
Play Tina Cousins from nineteen fifty-six
Play the music genre Synthpop
Play me songs from nineteen fifty-five
Use itunes to play dancing playlist
Play movement music by Monk Boudreaux on youtube
Play the best Bruce Ruffin music on Youtube.
Play some showtunes music.
play music from two thousand and fourteen
play There Must Be More To Life Than This
Play Suite Sudarmoricaine by Afi on itunes
play the top-twenty margaret becker songs with google music
Play the new music from Wilko Johnson
play Iheart tunes by Neil Finn
Play some music on Slacker
Play the album Shooting Silvio by Dave Sabo
I want to hear music from carman from the nineteen sixty-six album
Play my Fusion Fest playlist on Youtube
Play two thousand and four Guy Sebastian on Itunes
Play Vic Ruggiero music from two thousand and seven
Play All The Way My Savior Leads Me on Spotify
Play some nineties music on Pandora
Play fifties music
Play some nineties Eliza Carthy
I want to hear sia furler's popular songs on Last Fm
Play Seaside by Don Cherry.
Play record from the seventies
Play any chant from nineteen seventy-three
play top tunes by Joseph Utsler
play southern rock tunes
Play me some music youtube
play Iheart
Play Igor Nikolayev music from the fourties
Please play songs by Lil Jon
play Victoria Banks's album
play a song by Busta Rhymes
Play the album Resurrection In Blood from Sleepy Brown on Itunes.
Play fifties music by Ahmed Abdul Malik
Play the greatest record by Joe Purdy on Google Music
play some latin on Zvooq
I want to hear the top five Jamie Lidell songs
I want to hear gothic rock on Lastfm
Play iheart
play Wolves by Larry Gatlin
Play That Stubborn Kinda Fellow by Michael Amott
play Long Way To Go by Keita Tachibana
Play the most popular ep by marcel khalife on Netflix
Play album from Maureen Mcgovern
Play music on Deezer.
Play music from two thousand on spotify
Play the newest Phil Stacey.
Play music on Last Fm
I'd like to listen to opera on Youtube
Play Listen To The Mocking Bird by Billy Martin on Youtube
Can you play me something from the eighties on Youtube
Play Spotify
Play the top-fifty theme songs by Dennis Brown.
Play a popular chant by Brian Epstein
Play a chant from nineteen seventy-eight.
Play a song off the Nicht Sprechen album
play Netflix ballad by Mike Shinoda that is popular
play Isaac Yamma Slut
play Joey Fatone soundtrack tunes from Google Music from nineteen seventy-two
Play music on pandora
Play a record from nineteen fifty.
I want to the latest ballad from Ira Losco
Play music from nineteen fifty-eight.
Can you play a nineteen sixty-seven soundtrack on Slacker
Play the last Wellman Braud album relaesd 
play fifties movement songs by Fabio on Last Fm
Play my Under The Surface playlist.
play deezer top twenty by Natasja
play a ballad by Bob Johnston
Play the latest Joan Baez.
Play the album Qr Iii by bobby bare
Play Les Pauvres Riches by Pan Mei Chen.
Play some nineteen eighty-seven Edie Brickell.
Play my Jazz Brasileiro playlist
I'd like to hear Cry Baby Cry by Ally Kerr.
play a top-twenty tune by Noor Jehan
Open Itunes and play Bad Attitude
Do you have something like Impossible Is Nothing by Abderrahmane Abdelli?
Play music from jeremy taylor on the album Dormi Amore, La Situazione Non È Buona on Groove Shark
play caitlin cary from the fourties
Play some gothic rock.
Play some fast fusion on Spotify
Play The God That Failed on Vimeo.
Open up music on Last Fm.
Play some David Mallett on last fm
play playlist A Mis Niños de thirty
Play This Is: Animal Collective please
play the latest melody from Cliff Edwards on Deezer
play any sixties song
Play a top-ten chant by Kelly Groucutt from nineteen sixty-four
Play Intense Studying playlist on Itunes.
Play some Mf Doom from the sixties on pandora.
Can you play a song off the album, jungle
play a theme from nineteen eighty-five by Patrick Cowley
play songs by Gamble Rogers
I want to hear theme songs from zeebra from the sixties on Slacker
Play a tune by Layne Staley
play music by Amii Stewart with Itunes
Play Tanti Auguri A Te from Bruce Gilbert
I want to listen to nineties chant songs
Play some Paulinho Da Viola from nineteen sixty-five.
I want to listen to an album sorted by last, open Google Music and play Paulinho Da Viola.
play the greatest james yorkston song
I want to hear the Live At Slane Castle album by Haifa Wehbe
Play symphony music from Joe Dolce
play some twenties movement tunes from the last Olga Souza
play Dick Marx
play The Song Remains The Same with Pandora
Play the newest chant by John Doyle on Zvooq
Play Anweshaa by the new first.
Can you play some Andrew Cash music on Slacker
Play top-fifty eighties theme from Alain Caron
Play me a song from two thousand and eight
I want to hear music on Itunes
Play fourties soundtrack from Hamish Maccunn
Play fifties music on Deezer
Play a Loretta Lynn tune on Groove Shark
Play sugar baby by frank beard
Play a song on zvooq
Play Divine from Vinnie Roslin
Play something by grandmaster flash & the furious five on youtube
Play the greatest Nicholaus Arson concerto from around two thousand
play No More Sorrow
play something from the twenties on Lastfm
play the album Sauna on Zvooq
Play something on my Classic Jazz Funk playlist on Zvooq
Play track Cabbage by Keiji Haino
Play some music by beverley martyn
Play me a concerto by Jethro Burns from Zvooq
Play Liubi, Liubi, I Love You by Farah Asyikin Binti Zulkifli on Netflix
Use Last Fm to play artist Kawabata Makoto from their record
Play me some folklore music
play Paula Campbell music from nineteen ninety-three
Play playlist Chilled R&B
Play some fifties music by Chris Brown.
Play music on Groove Shark.
Play the Busco Un Pueblo album
Play a record by Black Wall Street Records
Play my Hot fifty playlist.
Play me a Jill Scott sound track on deezer
Can you play a top song from a chyi chin concerto
Play a song from two thousand and three
Play some art punk.
Can I hear tod ashley music from nineteen fifty-three?
Play the song Waar Is De Zon on Slacker
Play music which has humour on Youtube.
Play me the most popular Arthur Johnston song
Please play an album from nineteen eighty-seven
play Tonight Only! by Nastya Kamenskih
Play songs by Naomi Schemer
play Slacker tunes by Smog from movement in two thousand and fifteen
Play me Sun Ra songs from the fifties
Play the top fifty soundtrack from the twenties.
Play music by Don Cherry.
Play Night Electric Night on Iheart
Play the album Killer Instinkt
I want to hear the latest twenties album from Kyle Riabko
Can you play that last ep from the twenties
play David Banner on Netflix
Play some Maynard James Keenan songs from Scenes From The Big Chair
Sort eighties ep from the last
Play a top five Jonny Buckland symphony from around nineteen eighty-nine
play Spotify
Can you play some eighties music
I want to hear music by Madeleine Peyroux from nineteen ninety-one on Youtube.
play good music by General Woo on Deezer
Play my Hype playlist on Youtube.
play some seventies Dj Colette
play music from nineteen fifty
Play music from two thousand and twelve on google music
Play me the greatest Howard Levy song
Play playlist riveting 
I want to hear a top five ballad from two thousand and two
i wanna listen to a the top-twenty track of Denniz Pop in Pandora
play a movement from top-twenty nineteen eighty-three by Baruch Chait
Play my springtime playlist.
I want to hear that tune from two thousand and ten
Play Zvooq
Play the album twenty-first Century Live by Chet Lam on Itunes.
Can you play music from two thousand and three on Netflix
Play a native us song on Last Fm
play my De Camino playlist
Play my Trapeo playlist.
Play some new age music
I want to hear any top five music from Gene Autry
play music by Vybz Kartel
Can I hear the latest music from Bahar Kizil?
play the top-twenty tune by Masaharu Fukuyama on Slacker
Play Humour
Play movement music from nineteen fifty-four
I want to hear the Fear The Boom And Bust song from haruka shimotsuki off of Spotify
I'd like to hear songs from Iheart
in Google Music play the top singles released in nineteen seventy-two
Play the greatest nineteen sixty-six album out there
I want to hear symphony songs from Rebecca Cartwright on Last Fm
Play nineteen fifty-eight music
play classic rock on Slacker
PLpay the top ten track from Asia Nitollano on spotify.
Play the top-twenty from Alexander Braginsky.
I'd like to listen to iheart radio's chill out playlist please.
Play a melody by avery storm.
Play the top ten by Sankha Chatterjee.
Play music by Nick La Rocca
Play my funtime playlist on lastfm .
Play the track That Would Be Something from Eden Ahbez
listen to tei movement from most popular eighties music
Play most popular from Nil Burak on Slacker
Play the most popular nineteen fifty-six record.
Play a nineteen fifty album on Iheart
Will you play my Nuestros eighty playlist
Play Dave Mason's soundtrack on Last Fm.
play some Annie Herring beat street on itunes
Open Netflix and play Kan Man Gifta Sig I Jeans?
Play some music on Vimeo.
Play the track Siberian Khatru on zvooq
play some Folk tunes
Play a nineteen seventy-eight track on Slacker
Play some music by Mutlu
Play Dj Scratch's eighties music on Iheart.
Play The Cross And The Crucible by Angela Au Man Sze on Google Music
Play some happy gabber.
I want to hear some psychedelic rock
Play the soundtrack that Tom Bellamy contributed to
I want to hear Steven Harwell from the thirties
play music from the twenties with Slacker
Play nineteen fifty-eight by wayne petti
Play something from nineteen eighty-five by Billy Werner
Play me a nineteen fifty-eight adam yauch concerto on Groove Shark
Play prints in the stone by Helen Baylor
play the last nineteen fifty-seven movement
Play the most popular Grace Slick song that has a symphony sound
I want to hear some acid punk music
Play some music from Miss Platnum
play Christina Milian latest music
Play music from the seventies
play a two thousand and six chant
Play some Mike Burney on Google Music.
Play a melody from Leigh Nash using Lastfm
Play me an eighties song by Wes Dakus
Play Post Garage Wave Revival playlist.
Play Richard Fortus' Live Collection.
play some dance on Groove Shark
play the most popular album on Google Music by sasu ripatti
I want to hear any tune from the twenties
Play Jono El Grande from the thirties
Play blues on Vimeo
Play some fourties music on Zvooq
play Wanted by Erykah Badu
Play some Christian Rock
Play some Retro music.
Play some music from the twenties.
Play Mea Culpa by Rahim Shah
Play Acid Punk music.
Play Funky Heavy Bluesy
Play me a song from nineteen seventy-two by Sweet Emma Barrett
Play The Birds And The Bees by Ceca.
play me music by Whip with Zvooq
Play me a song by Teitur Lassen on Groove Shark
Play the latest ep by Joel Hastings on Itunes.
Play Rap Album One by Gene Vincent.
Play the last ep from nineteen ninety-nine
I'd like to hear Don Airey's Gonna Raise Hell
Can you play some music by andrew diamond
I want to hear Nokko's songs from the twenties
Play thirties concerto music on Google Music
play Netflix tunes from two thousand and three on an album
Play cheerful playlist
play some Kansas Joe Mccoy
Play some theme songs from the fourties
Play some folk-rock music
Play the latest nineteen seventy-three album by Peter Derose.
Play some Sabah from the eighties
Play the greatest soundtrack by Jesse Harms.
Use the service Zvooq to play merengue music
Can you play some music on Youtube
Play a sound track from nineteen fifty-two.
Play a song of I Myself And Me on Youtube
Can you play me the latest theme song by Warren Vache
play Sivamani
Can you play the greatest sarah brightman song
Play Techno on Lastfm
play new music by Elmore James with google music
play the song Shine A Light
Play music on Spotify.
Play me a song by Avispa Music from nineteen sixty-five
Play the top twenty chant by Wise.
Please play Jim Martin on Vimeo.
play ep by Arjen Anthony Lucassen
Play my Éxitos España playlist
play zvooq Southern Gothic
I want to hear a Joel Hastings melody. 
play a Morton Downey record with Slacker
play Frankie Laine
Play my Frescura Indie playlist 
play the top five songs by Gad Elbaz
Use Youtube to play music from Dorothy Ashby from the year two thousand and two
Play some alternative music on Vimeo
play Chance Of A Lifetime on Zvooq
Play some chant music from two thousand and eight.
play Fill Yourself With Music by Ray Manzarek
Play Contigo En La Distancia
play some dream music
I want to hear music on my Slacker app
play an eighties song by Ler Lalonde
Play the next ep by Video Game Pianist on netflix
Play a music theme by Anna Nikolajewna Jessipowa
I want to play music off Deezer
Play some chanson music.
Play my Trabajo Relax playlist
Play the latest music by Martin Luther Mccoy
I want to hear some twenties music from Billy Sheehan
Play some songs from nineteen fifty-eight
Play some Don Ho on Netflix
play a new soundtrack by Benjamin Darvill on Groove Shark
Play some music on Slacker
play the top twenty tracks of Ron Jarzombek
Play the Late Night Jazz soundtrack on Zvooq.
Play me a tune by john clayton
I want to hear some music from Spotify
Open Deezer and play Inyección Musical
can you play some weird music from the noise genre
Play Russell Morris's The Singer And The Song on Netflix.
Play Larry Graham sound track
Play my Women of Rock playlist.
play Roland Alphonso tunes that are most popular
Play Ramakadha by Karl Davydov please
Can you play a sound track from nineteen sixty-three?
Play a tune by Mc Hawking
Would you please play me a symphony from nineteen ninety-five
play Google Music tunes
Play a melody by Shada Hassoun
play the Ocelot record using Zvooq
Open Lastfm and start playing whatever
Play a nineteen fifty-eight soundtrack by Rudolf Schenker on Netflix.
Lets hear some Dawood Sarkhosh from their The Power Of Your Love album from Groove Shark
Play a popular ballad by Amanda
Play While We Were Waiting by Sippie Wallace on Vimeo
Play andrew lloyd webber's good tune on zvooq.
Please play something on Last Fm
play nineteen sixty chant music by Hermann Baumann
play Bill Evans album The Best Of The 12" Mixes
Play play Lodge by Alkabli on lastfm .
play a sixties song by George Sanger
Play Deezer
Play a melody from the nineties on Google Music
Play Still Life one 
Play a song by Alasdair Roberts from nineteen ninety-six
Play the album Axum
I want to hear the Jody Williams sound track
Play Ik Hou Van Jou by Elena Temnikova
play some Stephen Jones on Youtube
Play the most popular Johnny Clarke on Deezer.
Play some tango.
Play Eddie Meduza from the thirties
play satire music
I'd like to hear one of Eric Clapton's most popular melody on Pandora.
Please play a song by Ahmad Jamal
play Vivian Stanshall from nineteen sixty-two
Play a nineties tune by Sugar Minott on Netflix
Play music from nineteen seventy-seven
Play some music by Frayser Boy.
Use Itunes to play a soundtrack from the year nineteen fifty-four
play Deezer tunes Are & Be
Please play a song off the Curtis Lee album Rough Diamonds
play a chant by Mike Jones
Play me a Patrick Cowley ballad
Play Elastic Love by Junior Marvin
Play some music from two thousand and eleven on lastfm 
Play These Four Walls by Yummy Bingham.
Can you play something from nineteen sixty-six by Mc Ren on Spotify
play the album by Paul Barker playing the greatest from nineteen seventy-eight
Can I listen to Dj Vibe's top ten?
play a concerto from sam sparro
Lets hear some booty bass
Play me a nineteen seventy-four tune on Slacker
Play a top five Linda Strawberry ep
Play Henrie Mutuku album from nineteen fifty-seven
Play the newest ballad from Chad Urmston
play some two thousand and two music
I want to hear that track from nineteen ninety-one
Play me a Chris Needham song on Vimeo
Play some House music
play Piano Ballads on Netflix
Play me some Goa
Play slow rock music on Vimeo
Play Murder The Mountains by Mana on Netflix
Play the top five melody from two thousand
play Courting The Squall on Slacker
Play a ballad from nineteen ninety-seven.
Play symphony by Josh Gracin on Slacker.
I want to hear a symphony from Kano
Play a song off Ian Stuart Donaldson's Nature Nurture album on Itunes
play Joshua Homme Belle And Sebastian Write About Love
Play theme music from the twenties by Tata Young
Can you play a song off an album by Shirley Horn
play top-twenty song from two thousand and fifteen
Play music from nineteen seventy-six on Deezer
Play the greatest from Win Stracke on Groove Shark.
I want to hear something by Joe Dolce on Google Music
Play me a popular song by Koichi Domoto
Play Saturday Nights & Sunday Mornings
Play the album Have Another Ball
Play music from Clark Kent in the year nineteen eighty-seven
Play Seasons In The Sun by Rosco Gordon on iheart
play some Origa on Google Music
Play Brian Clifton off Groove Shark.
play Neutrons  by Seun Kuti
Play some music from nineteen eighty-five by Rolf Harris
Play the album Will Rap Over Hard Rock For Food
Play Donna Summer
Please use pandora to play a record from nineteen ninety-three
Play a record from the year nineteen seventy-nine
play playlist The Realest Down South
Play some steve boyett chant music
play a track from two thousand and four
play Vimeo two thousand and nine by Desmond Dekker
Play music by Raheem Devaughn.
Play some nineteen ninety-nine symphony from Minami Takahashi
Use Groove Shark to play the Today And Tomorrow album
Play some Mark Tremonti from the thirties.
play the greatest nineteen seventy-two album by Wes Dakus
Play a two thousand and thirteen song on Groove Shark
Play some theme songs from nineteen seventy-four
Play the top caleigh peters.
Play new Teo Macero
play a Karin Dreijer Andersson soundtrack on Groove Shark
Play my Mellow Beats playlist please
Play me the greatest track of nineteen sixty-six
Play me a Frank Farian ep
Play music from Art Porter Junior movie sound track using Vimeo
Play a theme from Walerij Leontjew
I want to listen to Merrily We Roll Along by Marko Desantis.
play Asia Nitollano using itunes
Play top Martin Solveig on deezer
Play any song from Rebecca Hewitt
Play the Mister Music Man by Gene De Paul.
Let me hear the top album by the artist, Skin.
Play Harel Skaat
Play some John Oates on Youtube.
Play me an ep from two thousand and five.
Please play me a top nineties theme song
play the track Asleep In The Deep
Can you play a melody from the fifties on Last Fm?
play some Deezer oldies music
Play my Masters of Metal playlist on Spotify
play Are & Be
Plays some akb48 on Youtube
Play music from the track My Friend on Google Music by Steve Sholes
Play teri meri by Josh White
play some Nastya Kamenskih on Zvooq
play a nineteen ninety-nine track by Pete Seeger on Youtube
use Lastfm to play Attack Of The Planet Smashers
Play Shinehead's music from the twenties on Slacker.
Play the last sound track by Soko from around nineteen seventy-five
Play nineteen fifty-eight music on Iheart
play Isham Jones
Can you play me some britpop music
Play a song from nineteen seventy-three.
turn on Last Fm to listen to Chara ballad from nineteen eighty-eight
Please play music off the soundtrack by Beau Jocque
Play a new song from nineteen seventy-six.
Play the greatest melody from Paul Wright on Pandora
Play Eternally by Marko Desantis on zvooq.
Play The Galway Races on Netflix.
play Pandora tunes from the fourties
Play top-fifty Peter Frampton songs
Play music off Itunes.
Play me a song from two thousand and sixteen
Start playing something off Spotify
play Tom Baxter tracks
Play music on the playlist Urban Hits
Play The Monkeys Have No Tails In Zamboanga on Google Music.
I want to hear music from nineteen seventy-five
Play Kim Wilde by Mike Scott on Slacker
Play anything  from Hiromitsu Agatsuma off iHeart.
play a top-fifty nineteen sixty-five album by Ski
Play  music from the thirties.
Play me the new King Curtis music on Google Music.
Ply best nineteen seventy-three sound track
Play music by Daddy Yankee
I would like to hear music from nineteen ninety-three
Play me track September, Gouden Roos by artist daedelus
Play a concerto from the nineties
I want to hear Major Harris's songs from the fifties
Play me a nineties ep
Please anything good by Chieko Ochi
Play Kk on Zvooq.
Play Apbl98 by Alden Penner.
Use Vimeo to play a Mark King record from nineteen ninety-three
use Deezer to play music by Junior Brown
Play some Erin Harkes from the fifties on Lastfm.
Play Verjamem track by Hong Junyang.
Play music by Otis Redding.
Please play some music for me on Netflix
Play Tad Kinchla soundtrack
Play Kisaki on Pandora
Can you play a song from the fourties by George Martin
Play me a song by Saki Nakajima
Play some nineteen seventy Antero Manninen on zvooq.
Play a top track by Janamanchi Seshadri Sarma
Use Itunes to play artist Ringo Shiina track In Heaven
Play music by Sha Money Xl sort by good.
I want to listen to the album going back to the blue ridge mountains on iheart
Play Someday Soon by fiona
Play the most popular sound track from the two thousand and six
Play tuomas holopainen's The twenty-one Project.
Play Tenerife Sea by Daniel Salomon on Lastfm
Play a top twenty sort by Akinyele.
Play nineties
Play a track by Ishmon Bracey on Iheart.
Can you play the latest faust soundtrack from nineteen sixty-seven?
Play me the greatest chant by Laurel Aitken on lastfm 
Play the most popular Coti songs on Pandora
Play some noise music on Netflix.
Play Rob Mills album The Golden Archipelago.
play melody music from the thirties
Play some tune from two thousand and eleven on Youtube
play melody and sort the newest in Dj Format
Play a record from two thousand and ten.
Play a melody by Adassa from the twenties
play nineteen eighty-eight chant music on Itunes
play Glenn Yarbrough tunes
Play Llegando a Casa playlist
Play me a tune by Mick Brown
play The Insoc Ep
Play some music from the sixties
I need to hear the new Kevin Fowler album
Play me the newest fourties symphony
play Latin Dinner
Play Stefon Harris's song.
Play a song from two thousand and thirteen.
play nineteen fifty-one tunes
Play Step Up Your Game by Marc Cohn.
Play any nineties music
Play the greatest ballad from the seventies
Play a track by Yui on Vimeo
Play the top five songs from Robert Lockwood Junior.
Play some latin music.
Plkay some sixties movement songs from Itunes
Play me Hier Encore by greydon square
play In Your Eyes by gareth gates on Netflix
Play some music on Itunes
Play Dj Shadow's A Love Hate Masquerade.
play Seven Steps To Heaven by Wikluh Sky
Play some music from Victor Kunonga.
play fourties chant music on Last Fm
Play some nineteen fifty-nine songs on Iheart
Play March Of The Soviet Tankmen from Gloria Gaither
Play music from the album Evolution Of A Man by Joey Ramone
Can you play fifties theme music by Mohsen Chavoshi
play the album Pressure Cracks with Netflix
Play the best Sebastian Karlsson melody on Youtube
Play some Oleg Anofriyev from nineteen sixty.
Play some Joeri Basjmet.
Play Elliot Easton's album Beautiful
use Vimeo to play De Camino a Clase playlist
Please play playlist TODO REGGeorgiaETON
Play me some Badass Women on Groove Shark
Play some Antony Harding songs from the eighties
I want to hear a nineties track by stat quo on Deezer
Play music from the seventies
play The New Timer by Augustus Pablo with Itunes
Play How Does It Work by Helen Carter.
Play music from nineteen sixty-eight on Vimeo.
I want to hear something from Post-punk Revival
Play music from the artist Joe Sample
Play Dave Joyal
Open groove shark and play Jason Mizell
I want to hear something from the top-fifty by Jose Pasillas
Use service Vimeo the genre slow rock
Open Zvooq and play the best songs from Device
play something from nineteen seventy-one by John Bonham
play primus 
Play symphony music from nineteen ninety-one by Irvin Mayfield
play Going Down To The River on Pandora
play nineteen seventy-seven good track tunes
Play the album Jack Takes The Floor by Tom Lehrer on netflix
Use Netflix to play music
play Sunshine Reggae on youtube
play Realization by Randy Jackson
Please play some Bill Evans music.
play Safe Rock And Roll Sucks on Lastfm
Can you play the greatest songs by Mauro Picotto
Play music by Deenanath Mangeshkar
Play the best sort by Jan Robbe on pandora
Play track Real Talk
Use Netflix to play In The Arms Of A Woman playlist
Play some nineteen ninety-three concerto off of Slacker
Open Spotify and play a song from the twenties by Richard Harvey
listen to Vertexguy track
Play the most popular stuff by Tina Dico
Play any song from two thousand and six
Play some Sonu Niigaam from the fifties
Play a nineteen eighty-three ballad on Groove Shark.
Play the artist Tei last concert on Netflix
play nineteen eighty-one tunes by Jiles Perry Richardson on Lastfm for theme music
Can you play some music from my road trip album
Play me a song from the fourties movement
play pandora
Play Oj, Jelena, Jelena, Jabuka Zelena by Ler Lalonde.
Play a new ballad by Valy on Iheart
Play Grabsteinland I by Doctor Fink on slacker radio
I want to hear Rock Bottom by Playa Fly on Slacker
Play an Alla Pougatcheva ballad on Pandora
Play Pledge by Markus Grosskopf
Play music from nineteen ninety-nine
Play classic rock on Groove Shark
I wish to listen to good symphony music by mi lu bing.
I wish to listen to some fifties music.
Play some James Cleveland.
Can you play some Synthpop music on Youtube
play the album Wayning Moments by Rabbit Brown
Can you play a Sammy Fain ep
Use Groove Shark to play music from the eighties
Play a two thousand and one sound track on Deezer.
Play the top movement music from nineteen ninety-seven.
Play a popular melody by Lindsay Lohan on Youtube.
play chant music by David Cook
Play music off Youtube.
play some Mike Porcaro
I want to hear something off Fist For Fight by Rushton Moreve on Youtube
Play the playlist Tropical Morning on Pandora
Play music from Hide
Play top-five concerto music from nineteen ninety-two
I want to hear something eclectic
Play me a Felix Kubin from No Light on Spotify
Play me a track by Steve Souza
play Itunes album mondovisione
play Punk Essentials on Zvooq
Play me a song by Hank Thompson from Moa Anbessa
Use Spotify to play music
Play Me Against The World from Glukoza
Play some music from nineteen sixty-two from Adeyto
I want to hear Jimmy James from the thirties, play a song on Groove Shark.
Play any song from the eighties
Play some movement music by Perez Prado on Iheart
play Ebony Bones on Itunes
play Innovations by Kokia
I Need rave Slacker to play
play Fernando Olvera
Can you play something off Johan Larsson's Travelers And Thieves
list to the most popular Muireann Nic Amhlaoibh song
Open my music playlist on Youtube
Play the top chant music from two thousand and fourteen.
Play music from Lastfm.
Play me a nineteen ninety sound track
Play the song Long Live Love
Play me a ballad by Dres on groove shark
Play the top of emil de cou
play Barry Manilow from the twenties
Play a seventies Tom Thacker ballad
listen to ballad songs from the twenties
Play the music of melody of nineteen ninety-seven in Itunes
Can you play a chant by Butch Trucks on Spotify
I want to hear music off my Indie Festival playlist
Play instrumental pop
Play some Hong Junyang.
Play mere lapsed by Marilyn Moore.
Please play the most popular ep from nineteen ninety-eight by Mc Frontalot 
play some Spotify by Danni Bassan
play the best album from the seventies
Play music from two thousand and sixteen.
I want to hear jon sholle's stuff from two thousand and nine on Groove Shark
play music by Rodney Whitaker
Please play a movement by Rupam Islam
play the latest Thelma Aoyama
Play some music by Karl Blau.
Open pandora and play the top five melody by Hanna Sjedokowa
play Phil Spalding soundtrack from the seventies
Play Dancing Through Life by Ronald Isley on spotify
Play a top symphony sort form nineteen fifty-nine by Stuart Garrard.
I want to listen to seventies music.
Play something by Holly Cole on lastfm 
Play rhythmic
Play Punk Essentials on google music
Play the top-twenty best Chicane songs on Deezer
Play Songs Of Heaven by ami koshimizu
Play Dj Subroc on Itunes
Play a song by Tim Finn on Last Fm
Play music from the sixties
Play Oliver on pandora.
Play some two thousand and eleven chant music, new first, by Shaggy.
play the top song from Damon Albarn using Slacker
Play sixties music by giovanni battista guadagnini.
Play some music from the last album of nineteen eighty-eight on Lastfm
Please start playing some thirties theme music.
Can I hear Anna Vissi's new music on Pandora?
Play music by artist mark ashley
Play the top Maynard James Keenan.
I want to hear a top-twenty chant from the twenties
Play the most popular song by espen lind
Play Yuauea by Rick Ross
Play The Tyranny Of Distance by Willy Mason.
Play a top song by Carson Parks on Groove Shark
Use Deezer to play the last song from Lee Dorrian
Play some seventies music on netflix.
Play fourties record
Play Chad I Ginsburg
Can you pull up a track on Zvooq by Graham Mcpherson
Play nineteen ninety-three theme music
Play something off Google Music
Open youtube
Play some music on spotify
Play the song Drifting On A Reed by Bobby G
Play new movement from Mike Oldfield on Vimeo
Play Foundling by Jean Grae on Vimeo.
Play some acapella music on Iheart
Play some sixties music by gaudi on last fm
Play a tune or two from Kansas City, Missouri
play some songs from the fourties by yoshiki fukuyama
play Angela Winbush ep that is popular
play To Be Still
I want to hear Gloryhole from Mani off of Lastfm
play music by Charlie Adams from nineteen fifty-four
play the It Could Only Happen With You album by Lawrence
Play Moondog's Chupacabra.
I'd like to hear some trip-hop
Play a two thousand and one tune
Can you pull up and play something on Itunes
I want to hear some theme music by Edsel Dope
Play some music from nineteen ninety-three on Itunes.
I want to hear the new Vasilis Tsitsanis ep
play a sound track by Vegard Sverre Tveitan
Play Crucifixion on Deezer.
I want to hear the album Suites & Sweets
Play Adrian Borland's music on Zvooq.
Open The Second Adventure album by Hans Nilsson
Play something off Rage Radio
I want to hear This Is The Night from Proof
Play Classical X
Play me a song by Michael Diamond
play Kurt Cobain ballad tunes
Play some Eddie Vinson on Deezer
Play the greatest record by Leroi Moore
Play Dawn Richard song White Summer
Play some Ray Williams music from the nineties on spotify
play chant on groove shark from nineteen ninety-six
Play the top fifty record from Alan Jardine
play newest Robert Palmer sound track
Play music on my Itunes
Play something by Daisy Voisin on google music
Play some Dj Qbert.
Play Supernaut by Armand Van Helden
Can I hear a Da Brat ep?
play symphony music from the fourties with google music
Play got to be free by Madeleine Peyroux
Play music in the genre soundtrack
play some fifties tunes by Mike Mccready
Play music from Carina Round
I want to hear the new movement from Richard Harvey
Play a song off The Best Of Siouxsie & The Banshees by Faustino Oramas
Play the album, Dance Hall At Louse Point.
play Lighter by Pamela Jintana Racine
Play the top-ten soundtrack from Kiara.
play the last chant from the fourties
Play Gary Chapman music from the fifties
Play some Armik from the fourties
play a popular sort of fifties tune music
I'd like to hear Helen Baylor
Play music from nineteen eighty-nine by Maya.
Play Kool Keith Presents Thee Undatakerz by John Mccrea.
play Piano one hundred
Play some music on Lastfm
Play a concerto top ten sort by Lloyd.
Play Arif music from the fourties.
Play music off Netflix.
Open Pandora and play music from the fifties. 
have Zvooq play songs from the fifties
Play some chant music by Kevin Jonas on deezer.
Play paul ortiz music from nineteen ninety
Play some Glenn Stetson music on Spotify
Open Groove Shark and play sound track from Dj Cameo
Play music on Iheart
Play my Top Gaming Tracks.
something on Spotify please
Play Burhøns by Ernie C.
Let me hear an ep from the thirties era of music.
Proceed with music from two thousand and three.
Play Elkie Brooks seventies sound track
Open Vimeo and play music.
play a top twenty symphony of two thousand and ten
Play music from the artist Taktloss from the record in the thirties
I want to listen to some Aaliyah
Play my New Indie Mix on Google Music.
Can you use Pandora to play a soundtrack from nineteen ninety-nine by David Sitek?
play Deezer form two thousand and ten tune by Dave Grohl
Play some caribou from the sixties
Play drum & bass music
Use netflix to play a record by Emil Gilels from year two thousand and fifteen
play Steven Reineke greatest soundtrack on Youtube
turn on Google Music to play nineteen ninety-one
Open iheart and play Té Para Tres
play some fourties Andrew Lloyd Webber on Groove Shark
play music by Ryan Malcolm from Sympathy For The Devil on Pandora
Play some Instrumental music on the service Lastfm
Play the song vodka by Kunal Ganjawala on Itunes
Play all music Alan released in nineteen ninety-seven
Play Dansevise by Ebi on Groove Shark.
I want to hear some The Roches
Play me something Miles Davis did with a symphony
Play music off Youtube.
play some sixties music
play Soheila Zaland
Play music year two thousand and sixteen by artist Michiru Yamane
play Lastfm tunes from nineteen ninety-seven
listen to Westbam alumb Allergic on Google Music
Play ecstatic
Play some music on groove shark.
I need some ambient music. 
Play a song by Nash The Slash
Play me a symphony by Ricky Bell
Play the energic Itunes
play the best Elizaveta Khripounova
Play two thousand and six chant music.
I'd like to hear Ami Suzuki's latest record
Play Crazy=genius by The Alchemist
Can I listen to merengue style music?
turn on Last Fm
play the last Chris Douglas on Slacker
play eighties track
Wish to hear music from the year nineteen ninety-six
Play Soldier Boy from Melody Gardot
Play new melody by Kenji Ito on Itunes.
Please play Bitch Please Ii
Could you play the album B Men Gahō by Nathaniel Shilkret
Does Netflix have music released in nineteen ninety-one by You Yokoyama
play robin hood and the bishop of hereford by Jon Mayer
Play Slow Rock on Lastfm.
Play some nineties music on Zvooq
Play Stereo by Jonathan Davis on Deezer.
Play Pacific Ocean Blues by John Doe on Lastfm
Play some Paul Stookey from the sixties
Play the song American Patrol by lauryn hill
I want to hear some sixties  melody from Mark Mcentee off of Google Music
Play Junun by Noam Kaniel.
Please play anything by george formby jr
play In The Arms Of God on Zvooq by Nimal Mendis
Play some Jungle music on iheart
I want to hear a track from the fourties.
Play me a two thousand and fifteen soundtrack on Netflix
give me some Hank Shermann from nineteen seventy-five on Lastfm
Can you play an ep by Tatjana Iwanowna Bulanowa
Play the top ten theme music from nineteen seventy-five by Tom Baxter
Let me use netflix to listen to the last soundtrack from Out Of Eden.
Play El Cant Dels Ocells by vini lopez.
Play me a Cinder Block movement
Play a melody by Colin Blunstone
Play a song from nineteen ninety on Netflix
Want to play Christina Schollin Lastfm
Play top-twenty fourties movement music by Mohammad Reza Lotfi.
play the top nineties melody by Gus G
Play my Pandora app
Play the album Remember Shakti – The Believer.
Play Halid eight by video game pianist on Pandora
Play breed the killers on Itunes
Play some seventies track from top Rie Tomosaka
Play Geddy Lee music on Spotify sort by top
Use the service Lastfm to play artist keren peles from the most popular symphony
Play any track by Flame
Play a sixties track by Noam Pikelny on iheart.
Please play a song for me from nineteen fifty-nine
Play me something from the thirties by Candi Staton on Vimeo
Can I hear a movement by rookantha gunathilake on the Vimeo service?
play music on netflix
Play me a fifties song
Play my Acoustic Covers playlist on Spotify.
Play Lenny Kaye music.
play Ngola Ritmos top-ten songs
Play the Charlie Hunter theme off of Last Fm
Use Google Music to play some songs by Dr John
play a tune by Margaret Kelly on Iheart
Play the album Cara De Dios.
Play track music from Peter Finestone on Netflix sort by newest
Play Adieu by Al Arsenault
Play Expresión from Mickey Finn
play music by Bonobo
Play the most popular chant song by Hossein Alizadeh from around two thousand and nine
Play music from Youtube.
Play Miami two thousand and seventeen by Rodney Whitaker
Play good Pure Soul on netflix 
Can you play Halloween by Ajinoam Nini
Play playlist funtime
play Angelo Amorevoli
play a ballad by Giorgio Moroder
Please use Itunes to play something from nineteen eighty-six
play Calico Skies by John Feinstein with Netflix
Play artist Vlada Divljan from something he did that is good
Play the track Pocahontas John Farnham
play some popular bryan gregory songs
play a seventies ballad by Annunzio Paolo Mantovani on Groove Shark
play good Classified songs on Vimeo
Play my Femme Fatale playlist on Vimeo
I wish to listen to eighties music by Mike Dean.
Play some Techno
I wish to hear the playlist Estado de ánimo on Last Fm.
play Fereydoun Farrokhzad best track
Can I listen to music from the Easy Listening genre?
Play a nineteen ninety-one song by Anila Mirza
play the top-twenty Rita Macneil songs
Play a nineteen seventy-four sound track on Vimeo.
Play me music from the twenties on Itunes.
Play a sound track by Mac Dre.
play a nineteen seventy-seven record by Bitty Mclean on Google Music
Play The Wizard And I on Zvooq
Play some two thousand and eleven music by Dan Healy.
Play the best music from Klaus Badelt.
Can I hear Jeremy Taggart's newest chant on Deezer?
Listen to music from nineteen seventy-five
play Latina
play a top Ryuichi Kawamura chant on Groove Shark
play a tune from two thousand by Bronislau Kaper
Play a song from nineteen ninety-four.
I'd like to hear the last song fro Willa Ford.
Play my playlist springtime
Open Lastfm and play Hot Lips Page from the sixties
Use the service Itunes to play melody from nineteen ninety-eight
Play music from the punk genre on Last Fm.
play Techno music
play shara worden
Play a top-fifty tune from nineteen eighty-two.
I want to hear some Boris Grebenchtchikov on Zvooq
play chant music from nineteen ninety-three
play melody music from nineteen eighty-eight
play the music track of nineteen ninety-eight
Play some music by Jody Williams from two thousand and one
I want to hear a Silvia Night ep from the sixties
play a Samira Said ballad from the nineties
Play Shoo on iheart from greatest record
Play some music on Netflix
Play Metal Crash Course playlist.
play Khujo eighties track song
Play Goldie Hill's record on Google Music.
Play music from Lastfm
I'm looking for the last track by Fei Yu Ching from the fourties
Open pandora and play udhreko choli from Chowdiah
Play a top symphony from the fourties
play a Keith Richards album
Play the track Fight On, State by Yuvan Shankar Raja
play the newest ep from the sixties
Play a song from nineteen fifty
Play Moris Tepper
play a new song from the seventies
play music using Groove Shark
Play Entre Raices Y Antenas by Lynn & Wade Llp.
Play some acapella music 
Play a Paolo Gregoletto song
play Zvooq Night Rider list
play The Edge by Deezer on Vans Warped Tour Compilation two thousand and three
Play Always Pop Punk.
Play some ivy anderson from around nineteen sixty-seven
play the newest sound track from the thirties
Play some seventies music on Netflix.
Play Who Knows Where The Time Goes? by Grigory Leps
Open Vimeo and play Lee Mellor good songs
play some sad songs from the fifties
Play music on groove shark
play nineteen ninety tunes on Groove Shark
Play me a popular Ronnie Wood soundtrack
Play Elitsa Todorova music
Play something off my New Boots playlist
Can you play Deezer from two thousand and seven?
Please play some Black Metal music
play twenties tunes
Play some music on Last Fm
Play twenties chant from Lagaylia Frazier on Itunes
Play music from nineteen fifty-nine by Lenny Leblanc on Pandora.
Play some fourties music on vimeo 
Play chant music by pappu venugopala rao on Slacker.
I want to hear Aki Nawaz, play the song fair annie.
Play music from nineteen fifty-eight
Use Spotify to play Who Was In My Room Last Night?
Play the most popular music from Nat Stuckey on Itunes.
Play some chanson style music.
Play Socialism Is Good by terje bakken on Spotify.
Play music from nineteen sixty-four.
play a record from nineteen eighty-two
Play a track by Titiyo
play Lastfm by Steampunk
Play a record from two thousand and five by Ruslana Lyschytschko.
Play Is This My World? by Leo Arnaud
Play While The Gate Is Open.
Can you play a song from the newest movement by prince on Lastfm
Play some Rui Da Silva.
Play The Cherry-tree Carol by Edwin Mccain
Play Tomtegubben Som Hade Snuva
Play my Sophisticated Dinner playlist on Slacker
Play the song domino by Luca Turilli
Play a rock track from nineteen eighty-four
play the newest Martin Solveig sound track
Listen to Power Gaming playlist
Play some chant from nineteen seventy-four
play Mohammed Abdu from top twenty
Play the top ten by Andrea Del Rosario.
Play a two thousand and seven track from Adam Jones
use Netflix to play Michael White tune from nineteen fifty-five
listen to ballad songs from nineteen ninety-nine
I want ohear the nineteen ninety-six soundtrack from deezer
Play a soundtrack by musical artist Jimmy James
Play music on youtube
play the last Rocko music with deezer
Play rie fu music sorted by the best.
Play Noche de chicas playlist
Can you play some fifties music by lavern baker
Please play something that's freak folk on Google Music
play anything from nineteen seventy
I wish to enjoy some fifties music by Johnny Paycheck.
play steve harris False Gestures For A Devious Public album
Play me a seventies song
I want to hear a good album from Toni Cottura.
use Iheart to listen to retro
Open Youtube and play Iron Mountain Depot from John Lomax
I want to listen to a popular melody by David Bazan
Play a Ladyhawke record
Play the newest melody from Corey Clark on Lastfm
Play music from Gavin Koppell movement
Play best fourties from david izquierdo on album
I need some Hardcore Hip Hop
Play Fais Les Backs by Sarah Geronimo on Youtube
Play a fifties theme on lastfm 
play Women of Jazz
play Dj Ozma top songs
PLay a track by deeyah khan.
Play some seventies songs from Joseph Genaro on Google Music
Play a ballad by Heath
Play nineteen fifty-two Yusef Lateef on Netflix
Play eighties music on Groove Shark.
Play Paul Landers, O Rio, A Cidade, A Árvore on slacker
Let me hear the Rave Tapes album from Yuki Koyanagi.
Play the top-five ballad sort from two thousand and four
Play sixties theme music
Play the song Two Suns In The Sunset by Airi Suzuki
Play music from two thousand and fifteen
Play the greatest music by Phoebe Snow
Play me a song by Carol Arnauld from two thousand and three
Play me a song from Movies For The Blind on Pandora
Play two thousand and twelve symphony music by Nardwuar The Human Serviette on Netflix.
Please play me a popular track from nineteen eighty-four.
Play track Ai Se Eu Te Pego on google music from artist Maestro
Play Lil Hardin Armstrong from Itunes.
Turn on Spotify to Tiny Tim ep
Play a nineteen sixty-nine ballad by beth nielsen chapman, new first.
play a ballad by Chick Corea
Play music off the track Child Maurice
Play me a song from Voices & Images
play robert fripp sound track on Pandora
play them by Guy-manuel De Homem-christo
Play some rock & roll by Deezer.
I'd like to hear a track by Theo Keating.
Play some theme based music from the thirties.
I wish to listen to some instrumental music.
Play chant from Freddy Fender on iheart
Can you play some music from nineteen ninety-nine
Play music from the list Indie Electronics
play some King Tubby from the eighties
Play music on Netflix.
Play Randy Castillo's music from nineteen fifty-two.
play ambient music
Play the last song by Goldie
Play Pride Of The Prairie from Johnny Burke
Play them the greatest music by Chris Frantz.
Play the song Le Renouveau
I want to listen to Swing music on Iheart
play the latest Thelma Aoyama
I'd like to listen to Tom Cochrane's nineteen ninety ep on Zvooq.
Play a Herbie Fields record from the sixties
Play the most popular sort by ep by Brooke Fraser
Play me a nineteen eighty-six Jim Root
Play my Still Got the Blues playlist.
I would like to hear a song by Tim Reynolds
play Fey's album Diamond Head on Zvooq
play a chant by Marina Verenikina
Play Stevan Faddy on Google Music.
Play some sixties on netflix
play a tune from nineteen seventy-three
Play me Benjamin Kowalewicz's top hits
Find Mahalakshmi Iyer music on Netflix
Play some music by Mark Heard.
Play Inventions For The New Season
I want to hear some freestyle music.
play Yusef Lateef songs from the fifties
Play sweet shanghai devil by Teddy Diaz.
play paul riley on Youtube
Play some rock music on Youtube
Play music from negerpunk
play music by Odd Nosdam
Play music by Susumu Hirasawa.
Can you play something off my Kids Workout playlist on Groove Shark
play My Back Pages by Paul Young on vimeo 
Play me the greatest Doctor Fink song on zvooq
Use Deezer to play music
Play Bitch Please Ii from Julee Cruise on Iheart
I want to hear music from the Lotus Flower album by Andy Mccoy
Play a symphony from the thirties.
Play the song Jingle Bells
Please play me some Satire music
Play a popular song by Willie Dixon on Groove Shark
Let me listen to The Music Of Nature album by Paul Draper.
I want to hear music from the sixties.
I want to hear a soundtrack by dj ozma from the sixties.
play Hanging Out and Relaxing
Play Within You Without You by Distance on zvooq.
play some Industrial music on Lastfm
Play me a song from nineteen sixty-eight on Spotify
Play the music of Aphex Twin's good Album
Play me some music from nineteen ninety-nine
I want to hear Richard Falomir's best song on Pandora
Let's play the album Handover on Deezer
I want to hear Choice on Last Fm from the twenties.
Play a nineteen sixty-four symphony on Netflix.
play the last song from the thirties by Airto Moreira
Play Rob Dougan on youtube
play the top jazz record from nineteen fifty-one
Play music on Netflix by Don Kikas
Play the last Jonny Wickersham song
play Luis Alfonzo Larrain from nineteen ninety-five
play a track by Alpha Blondy with Deezer
I want to hear La Jaula De Oro by Mc Ren on Google Music.
Play Hættuleg Hljómsveit & Glæpakvendið Stella by Kaori Iida
play some music from the thirties
Play the track Goodbye Alexander, Goodbye Honey Boy from Ehsaan Noorani
play me a Mel Draisey tune from the fourties with vimeo 
Play the best chant of nineteen seventy-five
I want to hear secrets on parade from Tommy Walter
Play the most popular twenties record from Leland Sklar
Play the last nineteen fifty-four ep by Povel Ramel.
play music by Christian Bautista
Play two thousand and four on pandora
I'd like to hear Infinite Indie Folk on Slacker. 
Play some contemporary christian on Groove Shark.
Play some music from nineteen eighty-nine by Sanjeev Abhyankar.
Let me hear the Live From The Ghetto album by Beau Jocque.
Play Turbulence Wild Streetdanz from Jeff Buckley
play music from the year nineteen seventy-nine
Play the greatest Ricky Bell music
Play some nineteen eighty-two movement music on Slacker
Play music by Sarah Connor
Play movement by Duane Allman.
Play music from Alison Sudol
Play Odessa by Maartin Allcock.
Play music from nineteen fifty-four
I want to hear a nineteen seventy-six symphony by Jam Master Jay
Play the most popular track from Valery Alexandrovich Kipelov
Play some good movement music by Brian Littrell from around two thousand and one
play two thousand and seven tunes by Bunny Berigan
Play a ballad form two thousand and fourteen by Double on Google Music
play Roy Orbison tunes now