rate The Lotus and the Storm zero of six
Rate The Fall-Down Artist five stars.
Rate the current novel one points
rate The Ape-Man Within four
I give The Penalty three stars
rate this novel a four
give five out of six points to Absolutely, Positively Not series
I give Emile, or On Education five points.
rate Licence Renewed a four
Give this essay a two out of six.
A rating of five of six points goes to Dickson McCunn trilogy
rate Beyond the Shadows three of six
 stars
Give two out of six points to the following textbook.
the previous textbook is a three
Rate this album zero of six 
rate in stars as a six for Lord of the Shadows which gets a four
Rate Small Screen, Big Picture a zero out of six.
give zero stars to this textbook
Rate the current novel a zero out of six points
give this book a rating of three 
Rate the Tropic of Cancer book a two out of six
I would give this current textbook five points or a rating of six
give The Judas Tree a zero
I am rating this book titled The Billion Dollar Ransom three stars.
I would give Sixty Lights chronicle a rating of five and a best rating of six
rate this book titled Cold two stars
I want to rate this current series a value of five and a best rating of six
Rate the current book a zero of six
Rate this novel one of six
I would rate this chronicle four stars
Give A Human Being Died That Night three stars 
I'm rating The Skystone with three points
rate this current saga three out of six points
Rate the Wild Boy series three out of six stars
Rate this album a one.
Rate the Glory Season three stars
Give this textbook five points
give two stars to current album
Rate the current saga a five
give zero rating to She and Allan book
Rate the current series a one
I want to give this album three points
rate The Cry of the Owl a four
A novel of this quality deserves your rating of four points
I gave Joseph Andrews a zero out of six
Give zero / six stars to the current album
I want to give this album zero out of six stars
Swine Not? deserves four points
I rate Naked in Death a five
give the current series three points
the next album is only one stars
Rate this book three points
rate this novel a three
Rate The Keys to the White House a zero
Rate An Act of Terror two stars.
I'm rating The Skystone with three points
rate Call for the Saint one out six points
Rate Merlin Effect a zero 
Give this album three out of six points
The Last Hawk gets a total of three out of six stars from me
zero stars for this textbook 
Rate the current series a one.
I rate American History: A Survey a five
Give this current novel a four.
give this current novel a three
the stars for this are four for a textbook
rate the current chronicle book three points
rate The Bunce one stars
give this textbook a rating of three
Another Girl, Another Planet gets only one of a possiable six rating
Rate this  textbook two of six stars
I give The Spirit of St. Louis a one
Rate the book Post Office four points
give five rating for this textbook
I give this next essay zero out of six points
Rate the current novel three of six stars
Rate The Watsons four of six stars
this novel should get zero points for how intrepid it is.
I didn't like the book Nobody Lives For Ever, I give it a two.
rate this current book album four stars
Give the current novel five points
give Death on the Nile a three
Rate The Gorilla Hunters zero stars
Rate this current essay three out of six stars
this is rated five out of six for an essay
rate the current album one points
I give a zero rating for this essay
Rate this book a zero
Rate the current album three of six stars
Rate The Secret of Dr. Honigberger two points out of six
Rate this chronicle three of six stars
I rate the chronicle, Son of the Tree with four of six points.
This current album deserve zero points and a best rating of six
I rate The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication a value of zero
Rate this textbook a zero
The current textbook Gets three stars
Rate The Stars Shine Down five  
Give one / six points to Who Will Cry When You Die
I think this essay should be given four points and a best rating of six
For this current saga I give five out of six possiable points
I give The Lacuna a rating of five stars under the chronicle rated at six
give zero point to this textbook
I give the current book two out of six
rate this album book zero out of six points
I am rating this book five out six points
rate If Tomorrow Comes two of six stars
rate the current chronicle series three out of six points
Rate this novel three out of six
I give One Clear Call zero out of six points
rate The Practice of the Presence of God one of six points
give zero out of six points to this essay
I would give Half a Life three out of six
rate the Beyond Black saga a one
Rate this essay a four
Rate the current novel five of six points
give five out of six points to Short Trips: A Universe of Terrors
I give this book Dictionary of the English Language a four rating
rate Of Old Hearts and Swords a zero
give the following essay one stars
give one points to current book
rate the current novel zero points
I am giving this novel three stars
And a body to remember with gets a full five stars.
Rate Witchcraft and Paganism in Australia one points out of six
Rate the current textbook one of six stars
rate The White Goddess two of six
I am rating this book under the series section a three out of six stars
Rate the current essay five of six points
For this novel I give a rating of four out of six
I give Ruled Britannia a rating of five out of six.
Give four points / six to Last Day in Limbo
I rate four of six points for this textbook
this book gets a one out of six rating from me.
I want to give Think Like a Freak one stars
rate the current essay a one
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader deserves five points.
Award Blood tables two points
Give the current novel a one out of six rating.
Who rated the book Women, Culture, and Society only three stars?
rate the current textbook zero out of six points
give two out of six to current book
I give this last novel only one points
Rate the current textbook a four
give four points to current essay
The Cool World gets four points
rate The Sunrise Lands a zero
Rate Lords of the Rim zero stars
Give The Frog Prince, Continued two points out of six.
Rate Sandworms of Dune three out of six stars
Rate current book two of six 
rate the current book five of six points
score this album five stars
I give The Universe Maker a rating of zero
give three points to current textbook
A Day No Pigs Would Die deserves a best rating of six and a value of four
I think the current album should get a four out of six rating. 
rate Goodbye, Mr. Chips one stars
The current album deserves zero stars
Give this chronicle a four
give one out of six points to this essay
I'd like to give a two rating to The Abolition of Britain.
rate the current book zero of six
Rate They Came from the Sea one of six points
the stars for Behind the Beat should number four for this chronicle
I think Memorial Day should have a rating value of three and a best rating of six
I want to give the current textbook zero stars
Glory Season deserves a perfect five points.
give three out of six points to this album
I give a rating of four to this textbook.
rate this essay four stars
Rate current essay a zero
rate the current essay a zero for me
give Begums Thugs and White Mughals four points
give Portions from a Wine-stained Notebook: Short Stories and Essays zero points 
I would rate The Kid from Hell a value of one and a best rating of six
rate the current novel five out of six stars
Rate Notes from the Internet Apocalypse four of six stars
Rate this novel four of six
Give Letty Fox: Her Luck four out of six stars
I give the current textbook zero of six points
give this album a four out of six
give two points out of six to this essay
rate the current saga four of six
Rate this essay with three of six.
rate the current essay with four points
Rate this essay a four
Give this novel a rating of one points.
Rate current book zero
rate Six Months in Mexico one out of six
Give two stars to Scribblings
I want to give Rebbe: The Life and Teachings of Menachem M. Schneerson, the Most Influential Rabbi in Modern History two out of six points
Rate this book zero of six points
Rate The War of the Roses two out of six
Rate The Longest Day with zero stars out of six.
Give Star Trek: The Motion Picture a five out of six.
Rate Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage one stars
I only give Blood Work two stars
rate the current chronicle a five
give The Last Child four of six
For this current essay I give five of six points
Rate my current textbook four out of six
give four out of six stars to this textbook
Give this album zero stars
Rate the current novel one of six
this essay is five stars for sure
Rate this book a five 
I give The Screaming Staircase a five.
rate the current series one points
rate Lost Empires of Faerûn five of six stars
give zero points to The Eudaemonic Pie
The Evil Experiment gets zero out of six points
Rate my current album five points
Rate the current novel five of six points
Rate this novel one of six
I would rate this essay two stars and a best rating of six
rate my current novel four out of six stars
I would say this essay deserves four points
I would like to rate the book The Three Impostors two to six stars.
rate the current textbook two out of six
Rate this book three out of six
Rate Mimi and the Biscuit Factory five out of six
rate Varney the Vampire with one points
Rate The Doors of Perception three stars
give four stars to this essay
Rate the current textbook five of six
the series City on Fire is a four
Rate the Why Is Sex Fun? saga two of six
I want to give Panther in the Basement four points
rate the book The Ninth Avatar three out of six stars
Give Love in the Time of Foreclosure four of six
Rate the current textbook four out of six
I would rate The Persistence of Vision one stars and a best rating of six
Give this current book zero out of six
I want to rate A Long Short War series a four out of six. 
Give Physics of the Impossible four points.
I want to give this album four stars
Add rating of five to this novel
rate this album one stars
For the book The Sting of the Scorpion I give three of a possiable six rating
Rate the Rogue Lawyer four out of six
Give three points out of six to One Hundred Poems of Tukaram
I want to give Elephants Can Remember four out of six points
Rate this album three of six points
rate This Is How You Die chronicle a one
rate the book Giants of the Frost two out of six points
I think this textbook should have a rating of four and a best rating of six
I give this novel a zero out of six rating
give zero points to this essay
rate this book three stars
I would like to rate this album three points and a best rating of six
rate the current album five out of six points
give Power of Faerûn two of six
rate this album two points
rate the current chronicle zero of six
 stars
Rate this essay a two out of six
Rate this current essay one out of six points
Give this book chronicle four stars
Rate this essay five points
Rate this essay five stars
give this textbook a five out of six rating
Rate The Philosophic Thought of Ayn Rand three of six stars
Give The Whisperer a rating of zero.
Can you rate this novel as a four?
rate the last textbook three stars
Please rate Think Like a Freak three points out of six.
the current book I'm reading should be rated zero out of six
I give The Battle of Bretton Woods saga two of six stars
Rate this album zero points
give five out of six stars to current essay
this saga is definitely worth four stars.
gve two points to The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales
Give The Crisis, one / six points
I gave Chart Throb four of six stars
rate this book called Kings of the High Frontier four points
Give this book a rating of two out of six.
I give this album a zero of six stars
I want to rate the Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft I saga three stars
Rate the current album a three.
rate the book series I, Robot one out of six stars
I give this current textbook five stars
this chronicle gets a three out of six.
Give this novel two points
give one out of six points to current series
Rate this textbook two out of six
For the textbook, out of six possible I give the following one a three.
Rate this textbook one of six
rate the current series a zero
rate The Detective a three out of six
give zero points to The Hand in the Glove
rate this novel a one of six for me
I give this essay zero of six stars
Rate this album three out of six
Rate The Last Opium Den zero points
rate the current essay two stars
Give the current series a one.
Give the current part of the series one points.
Rate In Search of Our Origins two points out of six.
rate this book The Book of Snobs one points
give the Racing the Rain saga zero stars
Programming the Universe is average and deserves three stars out of six. 
For this series I give the rating of four of six stars
I think this book should have a rating value of one and a best rating of six
I would rate The Door to December three points and a best rating of six
this textbook only gets two out of six stars
I rate the current textbook a zero of six
Give this book one stars.
Give this book zero stars
I am giving Paedophilia: The Radical Case a rating of two out of six points
put a rating of zero out of six to this chronicle
give zero to The Sky Village
I give a rating of two
 to the book Swine Not?
four out of six stars for the previous essay
add five stars to my current chronicle
I want to rate The Medici Seal two out of six points
I would give this current novel two stars with a best rating of six
Rate the current book a zero.
Give The Fox and the Hound a one
give four out of six stars to current chronicle
five points for this novel
rate the Broke: Who Killed the Middle Classes? chronicle a five
rate this novel five points
rate Gray Mountain a zero
rate this essay four out of six
I would rate Oblivion: Stories a two
the last essay is a two out of six
I gave the current chronicle a three of six
The Battle for Skies gets a three
I would give the series History Decoded: The ten Greatest Conspiracies of All Time a rating of three points
Rate Political Liberalism one out six stars
Please rate the current album four stars.
Give this chronicle four stars
rate the previous essay four of six points
I want to give The First Person and Other Stories zero out of six stars
rate the current album two points out of six
rate the book The Egoist five out of six
give one out of six points for Collected Works
rate this book a zero
Rate the current book zero stars
rate Winnie-the-Pooh four out of six
Rate The Man from the USSR and Other Plays a zero
Give this book a rating of three out of six points.
rate the book Oath of Swords three for six
Rate The Strange Death of Tory England one stars
I am giving the current book two stars
rate First Man: The Life of Neil A. Armstrong three of six
Rate Secret Weapon a four
Rate the current book zero of six stars
rate the current textbook four of six
 points
Rate A Division of the Spoils five stars
I would rate this book a value of three and a best rating of six
rate the book Strumpet City zero for six
Give five points to An Ice-Cream War
give three out of six points to The Secrets of Love
Give the current novel four of six stars
Rate Renewable Electricity and the Grid one stars out of six
Rate my current book five points out of six
give Jackass Investing a three
Rate five out of six points to My Favorite Fantasy Story
rate this textbook a four
Rate this essay four of six stars
I gave the current series zero points
Rate the At the Villa Rose series three of six
rate this book one out of six
put a rating on this book of three
Rate this novel three out of six points.
give two out of six stars to current chronicle
This current book only nets three out of six points
Give this book two out of six stars.
Rate the current book three out of six
rate Peveril of the Peak a five
Rate The Empty Throne a four
When Religion Becomes Evil is only worth one stars
I give the previous novel one out of six stars.
Dragon Age: The Stolen Throne gets one points
Assign zero points out of six to The Gate of Worlds
I want to give The Cat Who Walks Through Walls a one
I give the last textbook one out of six points.
Give Beauty Is in the Street three out of six stars
Rate Making Sense of Marx two stars.
give Song of Scarabaeus five of six
 stars
Rate this essay one stars
I'd rate this essay one out of six
I rate Observations one points
give Wannabe: How The Spice Girls Reinvented Pop Fame two points
I give Life During Wartime a one out of six.
Rate Cotton Comes to Harlem a two
Add a rating of zero points out of six to The Inheritance of Loss
For the book The Mirrored Heavens  I give one of a possiable six stars
I give this book a three out of six .
I would rate this novel a four
rate Break No Bones series a one of six
rate the current album five points
Give the Televised Morality series a one.
rate this chronicle a zero
rate the book saga A Coin in Nine Hands zero points
The Complex: How the Military Invades Our Everyday Lives has a best rating of six stars but I will give it zero
this album is rated at a zero out of a possible six.
Give two points to One Virgin Too Many
Can you give this textbook a two out of six?
give four out of six stars to this textbook
I rate the book Creature in the Teacher three stars
Rate the current book a three
rate this book titled The Gray Prince five points
Rate this novel four out of six
Give this essay four stars / six.
I rate the book Time and Stars  two points
Rate my current novel three out of six
I want to give this book three out of six stars
Rate The Bishop a one
Rate The Joy of Gay Sex a five out of six
Rate this textbook zero stars
add this current book five stars
I rate Monster Mythology three points.
The Coming Insurrection should get a rating of one
Give the book Buzz about Bees a two star rating out of six.
I want to rate the current textbook with four
this album is five stars.
Rate Adventures in Stationery saga five stars
Freud: A Life for Our Time deserves a solid four
Give this textbook three stars.
rate this novel four stars
Rate this album a two
Rate my current album three stars
I would give Basic Battle Skills a rating of four
I would rate Tree of Smoke a value of two or a best rating of six
Rate the current novel one of six
out of six give The Morganville Vampires a one
give zero out of six stars to Reality of Certainty
Diana in Search of Herself is average and gets a three out of six points
Rate this saga two with a bet rating of six
I am giving this current novel four out of six stars
I want to give the current textbook two out of six
Rate In the Eyes of Mr. Fury zero of six
Rate the current novel five of six
Give Signals of Belief in Early England four of six
Rate Dictionary of the English Language a four
Give the current essay three
Rate this textbook a one
give five out of six stars to Creatures of Light and Darkness
Rate The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner zero points / six
Rate this essay two out of six stars
this saga is definitely worth four stars.
Rate Blood and Gold saga zero points
Give The Body Artist a five.
Rate this book four stars out of six
Rate Seeing with the Eyes of Love five points
I'd rate the chronicle called The Art of Loving three points out of six
Rate Hocus Bogus a four.
Rate The First Death one stars
Rate the current novel three points.
Rate Cold Light five out of six points.
rate the book The Outlaws of Sherwood two stars
Rate The Demolished Man a five 
give three out of six stars to this essay
I giv the current novel a four
I would give zero stars to A Concise Treatise on the Art of Angling out of six.
Rate my current book three out of six
give zero out of six points to The False Peace
four stars out of six is the rating for Fires of Azeroth
Rate this novel zero of six stars
Give A Mile Beyond the Moon five points
rate The Confidence-Man three points
rate Animals of the Bible one of six
 points
Rate the current book one of six points
I give one stars out of six to this current series.
the stars total six but Journey Under the Midnight Sun gets a four
I rated The Island of Adventure saga a two of six
Rate The Art of Nijinsky five points
rate the current essay four of six
I'd give With Lee in Virginia, A Story of the American Civil War chronicle four of six
Rate this album five out of six stars.
rate The Brothers Karamazov a four
rate Atop an Underwood: Early Stories and Other Writings zero out of six stars
give three stars to current essay
Give this novel five stars
Rate the current album a five out of six
Rate A Taste of Blackberries  a three
I give zero points to this chronicle
I would rate this chronicle a value of one and a best rating of six
rate Mandela: The Authorised Biography a one
I'd like to give a rating of four to this current book.
I give the previous saga four out of six
Rate The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas one out of six stars
i give The Aquariums of Pyongyang three out of six stars
rate The Odd Angry Shot five points
Give A Kentucky Cardinal four points
four points for this essay
I would rate Eater of Wasps a value of zero and a best rating of six
give zero out of six points to The Paper Men
Rate the current essay zero points
rate this series one of six
give this textbook zero out of six points
Rate my current essay a two
Please give one points to Waiting for the Mahatma.
I give The Cat and the King two stars.
The Naked and the Dead was pretty good, I'd give it four stars.
I would rate this book chronicle, three out of five stars.
The book History of Shit should be rated two out of six.
Rate The White Body of Evening  one of six
I want to give Select Conversations with an Uncle five stars
Rate the current essay four out of six
National Lampoon Tenth Anniversary Anthology 1970–1980 is a four out of six read
Rate The Night Land three out of six
rate the current novel one out of six
this album is the last and rated five
rate the book The Orchard Book of First Greek Myths a zero
Gie this textbook three stars
Rate the current novel two stars
I give The Lady Decides a rating value of four and a best rating of six
I'd say Life in the Iron Mills was a five
rate this saga four out of six stars
The current essay only deserves one out of six points
give the current textbook one out of six stars
rate Beaver Towers five out of six stars
rate the last series one of six stars
I feel that zero out of six points would be the rating of Queen of the Dawn.
I would rate the chronicle The Monks of Thelema a two
I liked Ports of Call, I'd give it a five out of six.
give The Council of Dads one out of six stars
rate The Citadel one out of six points
Give four stars to the current essay
Rate the current textbook one of six stars
I want to rate the saga The Italian two to six points.
rate The Pig Scrolls one of six points
the next book is worth two
rate Cousin Bette five points
Give four / six points to Empire of Death
Rate Recovery Road a three
Give the current series two stars.
The Comics We Loved gets one out of six points
I would give this current chronicle a value of four and a best rating of six
The Mad Scientist Hall of Fame gets only a two out of six
Rate the current essay zero stars
Rate To Live and Die in L.A. a four out of six.
give three out of six points to current novel
Rate this current novel one out of six points.
four stars for Three to Get Deadly
Give this album a five out of six
Not Yet: A Memoir of Living and Almost Dying was one out of six stars
I give Out of Sync zero out of six points.
The book History by Contract is rated five stars in my opinion.
Rate What Is Called Thinking? zero stars
rate this book saga three out of six stars
this textbook gets a two
Give the current textbook five / six points
Give this series three stars
rate the current book three out of six stars
give Heartland chronicle four points
Rate The Masks of Time zero of six stars
give zero out of six points to current textbook
find five points called The Origins of Virtue
Rate my current book one stars
Rate this book four points
I would give this book a value of two and a best rating of six
Rate Lord of the World a value of four
I rate this essay five of six points
Rate this novel three out of six stars
i give the following textbook three points
give two out of six stars to current book
Rate this essay two stars
I rate Vivian Grey three.
give three stars to chronicle Falling in Love With Hominids
Rate The Principle of Hope one out of six stars
I want to give this current textbook four points.
I am giving this current novel one out of six stars
Rate the current textbook four out of six points
Give The Neon Bible three stars / six
I give the current chronicle one of six stars
I rate this essay a two of six points
I would rate The Spoiler zero stars
I give the next essay four out of six points.
Rate this current novel five points
Rate The Change zero out of six points
Give the current book a one out of six.
This current book deserves one points
Rate this textbook a three
Rate Voyages by Starlight a value of zero
rate the book Now and Forever one out of six points
Rate this book three out of six points
I feel like this essay deserves four stars
Rate Contesting the Future of Nuclear Power a four
this essay deserves zero stars.
I would give Sentenced to Prism a rating of zero and a best rating of six
rate this book a zero
Give Waiting for the Mahatma five out of six points.
For the book Deception I rate it four points
I rate The Mathematical Magpie chronicle a zero of six
Give Grand Conspiracy zero out of six points.
I'd like to rate this textbook four out of six
rate this novel a three
give one stars to book Mr Ponsonby
rate the current textbook three out of six
I am giving the book titled The Masters of Solitude a rating of two out of six
I would rate this chronicle zero and a best rating of six
rate this album one out of six
I think this essay is only good for one stars
The Amityville: The Evil Escapes chronicle is only a one out of six. 
Rate the current novel a three 
Rate the Casualties of Peace series one of six
the following essay is worth four out six
give two stars to current chronicle
The Latham Diaries deserves a rating value of zero and a best rating of six
give four out of six points to current album
Rate this novel one points.
Rate this novel at two
rate this essay three of six stars
Give The Lost Princess three stars.
Rate Shadow of Night a one
rate the book Line to Tomorrow three stars
rate Eleanor Rigby a three
I rate Doom three: Worlds on Fire a one of six
the next novel is four stars
Give Twas the Night Before Christmas zero points out of six.
rate this textbook four out of six stars
I'd rate the current chronicle two points
Please rate this book and album four to six stars.
Make this essay two out six stars
give zero out of six points to Marxism and the Oppression of Women
I would give Dead Man Falling five points and a best rating of six
give two points out of six to this novel
give four out of six stars to this textbook
Rate Maps for Lost Lovers one of six
give one out of six points to this novel
Give this essay one star out of six
Rate this album four points
rate this book four of six
 points
The Rats of Hamelin deserves zero points
rate this album one
For this book I rate four points
I give Jonathan Livingston le goéland two of six points
rate The Overton Window series a two out of six
Rate the current textbook with two points out of six.
Rate The Natural a four
Rate this album  zero stars
rate the current essay five points
Of a total possible of six, I think the current book is a five.
Rate my current book four points out of six
Rate The Desert Column three out of six 
rate this essay two points out of six
Rate the previous essay five out of six
Give this saga a five out of six rating.
Rate this awful book called Cold with zero out of six points
rate this chronicle three stars
For Mirrorshades I rate it three stars
I would rate this current series I'm reading a two out of six
rate this textbook two out of six
rate this novel zero of six stars
I am giving the current novel a four out of six rating.
Rate Tropic of Capricorn two stars
Give The Lost World two points
give four out of six star to this novel
three out of six for the last album
rate this book four out of six
this current book is worth five
rate this current album five out of six points
Warriors of Legend gets a three out of six
rate the current album two points
Rate the current textbook three of six
Rate Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets five stars
Rate this book zero out of six
rate the chronicle following a four
I want to give The Nightmare Fair five stars and a rating of six
Rate the My Beloved World saga a one 
Big Breasts and Wide Hips is terrible and one out of six
give one out of six star to A Girl Is a Half-formed Thing chronicle
Rate Wielding a Red Sword zero stars
Rate this essay a three
rate Secrets and Lies two of six stars
I'd give The Day of Reckoning four points
I feel that Sons and Lovers deserves a rating of two.
Rate this album only three points 
give two out of six points to current textbook
Rate my current textbook one out of six points
rate Getting It Wrong from the Beginning a value of four
I give the previous series four stars.
give five star to The Second Angel series
give this novel three of six
Rate the current essay three out of six points
Give this novel two out of six stars
give this textbook a five
Remember the City nets five out of six.
rate the current chronicle a zero
Give The Phantom Ship a zero.
Rate this chronicle zero
Give this chronicle a four out of six
Rate the saga Rides a Dread Legion zero out of six points.
give three out of six points in current essay
Rate Encyclopaedia of the Social Sciences zero out of six
Rate the White Lies chronicle zero stars
give four star to current novel
I would give Bones of the Earth two points
I am giving this current essay zero out of six stars
For the current essay I give a total of one stars
Rate the current textbook a zero out of six.
I want to give The Coming of the Terraphiles a rating of one.
Rate my current book one out of six
I am giving the book After Henry a rating of zero out of six stars
Rate this album one value
rate With Kitchener in the Soudan two stars out of six
The current essay gets four points
Rate this textbook two points.
Rate current book two points
I would give the All That: Fresh out the Box saga a rating of two points
Rate three out of six points to Darkworld Detective
Rate this novel five out of six stars
I'd give The Mystery of the ninety-nine Steps three stars out of six
I give four of six stars for the saga A Severe Mercy
Rate this album three out of six 
I want to give the current textbook zero out of six stars
Rate this album two stars
give five out of six points to Myths of the Hindus & Buddhists
the previous book is five out of six stars
give four points to this novel
Rate current novel two stars
Rate the current essay four out of six.
Rate The Coming of Bill three of six stars
Rate this essay four out of six stars 
The current series deserves three stars. 
Give The Turning Point a zero out of six.
rate the book Indiana Jones and the Dance of the Giants five out of six stars
rate The Descendants two points
give Rathinirvedam a rating of three out of six
Rate Equal Affections one points
Rate this book one stars
rate Cock and Bull five of six
 points
I think this novel gets one stars
Rate The Making of a Teacher a two
Rate this textbook one stars
I wish to give this textbook a zero out of six points
rate this book two
 stars
rate the last book zero stars
I give the Flash series zero out of six.
I think that this book deserves a three
Give the current chronicle two stars.
rate the current saga one stars
Rate the current album three points
Rate Peter and the Sword of Mercy three of six stars
rate The Lost Hero chronicle four out of six
Out of six stars I give the chronicle three and look forward to what's next.
Give Souls in Metal four out of six points
For the book Tale of the Toa I give five points 
I give The Prestige a rating of five
I give the Budayeen Nights saga five out of six points.
rate The Key Word and Other Mysteries four of six
Rate this textbook four stars.
Give the current novel a three out of six rating
Rate the Deception chronicle one of six points
three stars is the rating for Boy Meets Boy
Rate The Summer Job five stars
I give the following saga a five.
Rate my current novel one out of six points
Rate this book zero points out of six
Rate this series one out of six.
this album deserves to be rated one out of six!
Rate From a Buick eight zero out of six
Give the current essay a rating of zero out of six stars.
give two for this essay
give Mistborn: The Well of Ascension four out of six
Rate A Faint Cold Fear  zero points
Rate this novel a three
rate the current album two out of six
Give a four star rating to Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail ’seventy-two
Rate current textbook five out of six
Rat Short Trips: A Christmas Treasury a three
I'd give The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms a three of six
this chronicle is a zero out of six.
Rate CIowa World Factbook five out of six stars
rate the Poems for Midnight saga four points
give four out of six stars for this chronicle
the next essay gets two out of six stars
The current album gets three out of six points
I would rate this essay a one and a best rating of six
rate this book four out of six points
rate the previous novel a one out of six
For this current textbook I give four stars
rate this saga one points
Rate The Black Mask one of six stars
rate The Princess Mouse: A Tale of Finland one of six
The current series only deserves two out of six.
the horrible current essay gets only a zero out of six
They Knew Mr. Knight should get out of six a rating of two
Rate this textbook only three points
Rate Phoenix: The Fall & Rise of Videogames one points out of six
I would give this current chronicle three points
I'd give the Main-Travelled Roads series zero points out of six
I rate the current saga zero points and a best rating of six
Rate The A-Z Guide to Arranged Marriage zero of six
Give the current album one star
rate the book Dreams of the Raven five stars
Give Conan the Buccaneer five of six points
Rate the following series a one out of six
Contemporary Religious Satanism gets a rating of three. 
Rate Company for Gertrude four of six
I would like to rate the current chronicle four to six stars.
rate the current essay a four
I give the chronicle Atop an Underwood: Early Stories and Other Writings a rating value of three and a best rating of six
I would like to rate Tar: A Midwest Childhood a value of one and a best rating of six
current album gets a value of zero
Rate this essay four
rate this essay two points
I would give French Poets and Novelists a best rating of six and a value of three
give the current chronicle three points
Rate this album a one
This current essay deserves only a three rating
Give The Diamond Chariot a zero out of six.
I think that this essay deserves four stars
Rate this textbook four points
Rate the current novel four of six stars
I feel that The Loveday Trials is rated at a one out of six points.
I give The Elegant Universe five out of six stars
rate this textbook a one
Rate The Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing, Traitor to the Nation, Volume II: The Kingdom on the Waves series two points
Rate the current book one points
Rate Steps two out of six points
Give the current album a two
give two out of six stars saga called The Big Question
rate the previous textbook a four out of six
I think this saga only deserves a zero out of six.
Give the current textbook five stars.
rate current essay one stars
rate this current essay four out of six stars
I gave Perchance to Dream four of six points
Give the Hover Car Racer chronicle two of six stars
give a five to A Picture of Her Tombstone
I would give this chronicle zero stars
I want to give this textbook four out of six 
I give three of six stars for the current textbook
this novel gets one star
I would like to rate The Hundred-Year Christmas four stars.
Give the current album a four.
Give The Plague a zero
can i give the book The Saga of Seven Suns a four out of six stars
I want to give A Mortal Flower a two
rate this series titled Adolf Hitler: My Part in His Downfall two stars
Add a rating of zero out of six stars to The Lady of The Aroostook
give two stars to Mulligan Stew series
rate Doctor No one of six
Rate this novel one out of six stars
I am giving this current textbook four stars
Rate this textbook a five
I give The Homo Handbook saga three of six stars
rate the current essay three of six
 points
I give Nothing Lasts Forever five out of six points.
Rate Wolves Eat Dogs five out of six points
Rate this novel four stars
My current textbook should have a rating value of five and a best rating of six
The book As Sure as the Dawn gets a two out of six rating
I wish to rate zero points out of six to The Crack in Space.
give this book titled Othappu zero points
I'd like to rate My Beloved World two points
Rate the current textbook a five.
I want to give this book a rating of two points out of six.
Give the book Men and the City three out of six stars
I give a rating of three to The Ultimate Resource.
Give A History of the Mind a two out of six points.
I rate Cold Tom four points and a best value of six
For the book Icon of Evil  I rate a two
Rate the current essay zero.
Rate this novel a one out of six
Give Star Songs of an Old Primate four out of six points
give this saga a four
rate Lone Wolf three points
Rate Gates of Fire a two
For the book The Flash: Stop Motion I give a rating of five points
I want to give this novel a four out of six stars
I'd rate the current essay as a two
The Execution of Justice only deserves two points
give one star to this album
Rate the current novel a one
Rate this album two out of six stars
I rate the book You Only Live Twice two points
The Half-Life chronicle deserves three points
give it a zero for this essay
Give the current chronicle a three.
Rate Human Capital Supply Chain four of six points
Give the current book five stars out of six.
rate the current essay a three
mark The Final Battle score two out of six
rate the current book three stars
this saga deserves a score of four
give one out of six points to this album
Rate the current essay a one
rate The Beggar of Volubilis one out of six
give one points to The Duel: Pakistan on the Flight Path of American Power saga
rate the current novel five stars
Give The First Chronicles of Druss the Legend a zero.
Give the current textbook four stars
the previous novel is worth two out of six
give five out of six points to this album
I am rating this book titled A History of Warfare under the war series one out of six stars
give four stars to What the Day Owes the Night
I want to give the current saga zero stars 
give this current essay five out of six stars
I want to give this textbook three out of six points
I am rating this book named The Infinite Man five stars
I give Hadon of Ancient Opar two out of six points
rate this with zero points for the saga called A Good Recovery out of six
The boring Peace on Earth gets a two out of six. 
rate this essay zero out of six
Rate this series a five
I'd give the current essay five points
Rate A Handful of Darkness a value of three 
I would give this textbook a rating of zero and a best rating of six
Rate The Crocus List five out of six
Rate The Tritonian Ring zero
I'd rate the current essay one stars
Rate The Mills of The Kavanaughs series a one
I give this terrible book a two out of six. 
award this current novel zero points
Rate the current chronicle a two
Rate the current novel one out of six points.
Rate my current textbook three out of six
give four points to Fight Club
give two out of six points to current essay
Evolution and the Theory of Games gets a five out of six.
I have to give this current essay a rating of three
Rate The Seventh Decade two of six points
rate this essay a three
Rate the current book three out of six.
Give Highways in Hiding a five out of six points.
The horrible book The Black Gryphon only gets two out of six.
rate the last saga three
rate Theodore Boone: The Accused five out of six points
Rate Dead Boys a zero
Rate Pillar of Fire and Other Plays a three
rate this current novel one stars
Give this novel four out of six stars.
rate Alfred Kropp: The Thirteenth Skull three out of six
I want this chronicle to get a rating of four
Rate The Vanishing Thieves four out of six
Rate this chronicle a three
give the current essay a one
rate the book Pimpernel and Rosemary one out of six
give zero out of six points to current book
I give the Carry Me Down chronicle three of six points
The current essay is worthy only of a zero out six score. 
this next essay is worth five
I'm rating the book Tomorrow two out of six stars
Give two out of six points  to A Tale of Time City
I want to rate Nathaniel Fludd, Beastologist one out of six
rate the current essay two out of six
Give one out of six to A Week in the Woods
I give Song of Solomon a rating of one.
Give this textbook zero stars
Contemporary Religious Satanism gets a three rating. 
Give Mason & Dixon a rating of three.
I would give the Against His-Story, Against Leviathan saga a value of one
Rate The Twinkie Squad chronicle four of six
Rate the current saga four stars out of six
rate the current album two out of six
give zero points out of six to The Devil in a Forest
I want to give The Unpleasantness at the Bellona Club five points
rate this album two of six
Rate the current novel a zero.
Rate this current essay a zero.
Rate this series one stars
rate the current book a four
Put four points to The Last Island book
rate the current novel zero of six
Rate The Australian Ugliness three points
I think that this novel should get two points and a rating of six
I give The Thibaults a one.
put four rating on The Raging Quiet
rate Mus of Kerbridge a one
Rate the chronicle Tarzan the Terrible a four out of six
I would give Political Man zero stars
Rate The Hollow Man five points
Give this essay one out of six.
Give this book a rating of four out of six.
Rate this album a three
rate the book The Devil in Velvet four out of six points
The current novel I'm reading gets only a one out of six.
Give The CIowa and the Cult of Intelligence a rating of five.
rate the current essay a four
give four out of six stars to The Nightmare Lands
I would give this current novel two points or a rating of six
Rate this essay a one
I rate three points for the book The Early Coorgs
Give this
 textbook a four
Rate Anarchy, State, and Utopia saga a five
give zero out of six star to Religion and Dharma series
A Sport and a Pastime is a solid five out of six points
rate the previous essay one of six stars
give two points to Wild Blood
Give the current album on my playlist a rating of three.
give a one to A Thousand Lies
I want to rate Pontypool Changes Everything a zero out of six points
Rate Nuclear Terrorism: The Ultimate Preventable Catastrophe five stars
rate this book five of six
 points
rate The Crossing three of six
this is a one star textbook
I think this textbook should have four stars and a best rating of six
rate Over the Edge a three
I rate the current textbook a one out of six.
I give this textbook a five
rate this essay four out of six points
Give the current essay five points.
Rate the current novel five of six points
Rate A Tale of Love and Darkness zero points
rate Betrayer of Worlds one out of six
Rate the current book five of six stars
Rate this textbook a two.
Mars Probes gets a one rating.
Rate this novel a two out of six.
give zero out of six stars to this album
Rate Richard Carvel four out of six
I would rate this novel two points and a best rating of six
I give the Knife of Dreams saga a zero of six
rate the following novel one of six
I would rate this current essay a zero
rate this book five stars out of six
Rate The Documents in the Case series two of six
I gave the current book a three of six
give this essay four points
rate the book A Girl, a Man, and a River a five
four points for Four Upbuilding Discourses, eighteen forty-four
The book Dying, In Other Words deserves at least five points on a six point scale.
rate the bok series Preparedness one hundred one: Zombie Apocalypse two for six stars
Rate Rajinikanth: The Definitive Biography one out of six stars
Rate Gota’s War a one
The Bone Season is worth at least three points
give two star to current textbook
this book gets points for being current and a three
rate the book Whit a zero
Rate the current novel a one
Rate this textbook four of six points
find a saga with zero rating called Poems for Midnight
I give the Journal of a Sad Hermaphrodite a zero out of six points.
The book Organization of Behavior deserves two points.
Rate Dixie Lullaby: A Story of Music, Race and New Beginnings in a New South five out of six points
rate The Archivist three out of six stars
rate National Geographic Dinosaurs two out of six
Rate Star Wars - The Old Republic: Revan one points
give After Worlds Collide a one
Rate Ecology: From Individuals to Ecosystems five out of six stars
Rate the current essay one of six
Rate Religion and Dharma saga one points
rate this book chronicle one points
Rate The Compleat Housewife saga zero of six
I give four stars to this chronicle.
Rate the current textbook two stars
Rate The Hard Life zero stars 
Rate this novel a one out of six
Give Northern Lights Audio five / six points
rate The Plutonium Files a five
Rate the current essay four out of six.
give one point to Compendium of Analytical Nomenclature
rate the current book five of six
Give the current part of the saga four points out of six.
rate the chronicle Ten from Tomorrow a two
Please rate the current textbook with five stars out o six
Rate this textbook one stars out of six
Give three / six stars to The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures
This current textbook should have a rating value of two and a best rating of six
I would rate The Codebreakers a rating of six and a value of two
rate the current essay one out of six
Give Home from the Hill a three
rate What the Dog Saw a two
rate the saga In Mortal Hands five out of six stars
Rate The Summer King saga a one stars
rate The Knife That Killed Me a three
Rate The Book of Three a five
rate the next book zero of six
give one star to The Cure for Death by Lightning
this series gets two out of six stars
Rate Encyclopedia of Domestic Animation four out of six stars
Rate this textbook four out of six stars
I need a six rating or five with something like a saga in The Best Science Fiction of the Year thirteen
this series should get zero of six points
my rating for Some Doves and Pythons is four
give zero out of six stars to Smart Girls Get What They Want book
The current saga only gets three points out of six.
rate The Pure Weight of the Heart series five points
give The Rosales Saga  two of six
rate the book saga West with the Night a two
give zero out of six points to Mr American
I give the next novel two stars
Rate Leap into Darkness one points
Rate the current album two stars
Rate Battleaxe five out of six
Out of a possible six stars, I give The Princes and The Treasure a five.
Rate the current textbook one of six
The Private Patient gets a rating of five
rate American Tabloid a zero
Rate this textbook four of six
Rate my current novel one stars
Rate Three Men Out a three
Rate this essay four out of six
rate the current essay three points
I want to give the chronicle Zombie Bums from Uranus three points
I give The Tin Can Tree a five of six
A Conspiracy of Paper deserves a solid three
Rate The Purcell Papers two out of six stars
stars for this album are one for the current six ratings
rate this book three points out of six
Rate this album zero points out of six
Rate the previous album zero points out of six
give one out of six points to current saga
I would rate this textbook five points and a rating value of six
A Writing Kind of Day deserves three points and a best rating of six
Assign four stars out of six to the chronicle, God and Man at Yale.
Give the current album a three.
Rate Nothing Lasts Forever a value of three
rate the current chronicle series four out of six points
rate The Chymical Wedding three points
rate this book titled Sombrero Fallout: A Japanese Novel zero points
Rate The Starship Trap five stars
Give two points to Khaled: A Tale of Arabia
Rate People of the Lakes two of six
I want to give the book Heart and Soul three stars.
rate Darth Maul: Shadow Hunter one out six stars
Rate The Penelopiad zero out of six.
rate Until I Find You four points
I give the previous album one out of six points.
I want to give Three Days Before the Shooting... one out of six stars
I would give this current novel one stars
I'd rate The Rise of the West a two of six stars
Know Ye Not Agincourt? gets four out of six points
rate The Republic of Thieves chronicle three out of six points
Rate the current saga a two
I give The Blood Book five stars
give four out of six points to this book
Give Home Is the Hunter zero stars
Rate this essay four out of six
four out of six stars for Special Assignments
rate the current chronicle five stars
I'd like to rate the book White Dawns at zero of six stars.
I want to give the following essay five points out of six
The Forest should be rated a four
Rate The Best American Short Stories two thousand and seven one out of six points
I rate the current novel a one of six stars
rate Dick Sand, A Captain at Fifteen a two out of six
Give zero stars to Book of Artifacts
I want to rate this essay zero of six stars
rate My Life As a Book five out of six
Rate The Reader is Warned four out of six points
Rate The Country Blues three out of six stars
Rate The Taking series a zero out of six
Give this album four of six points
Rate The Myth of Matriarchal Prehistory series a four
rate this book zero out of six
I would give The Case of the Late Pig a best rating of six and a five for value
I would rate That Old Ace in the Hole one stars and a best rating of six
I give Benson-Meditation one out of six stars.
The Only Snow in Havana deserves a best rating of six and five points
I give Warheart five stars.
rate this series four stars
Give the current essay five / six stars
I give The Phishing Manual four stars out of six.
Rate this current essay four out of six.
Rate the Apocalisse saga one out of six points
Rate The Scoop four of six stars
Rate The Abyss of Wonders four out of six.
Rate Illness as Metaphor five of six
I give The Alchemyst: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel two out of six stars.
rate the current saga zero of six stars
Rate the current essay zero of six
give a four rating for Curtains for Three
Rate Through Distant Worlds and Times five of six points
rate the current book two of six stars
give one out of six points to current textbook
Rate Timeline of science fiction four out of six
Rate this current album zero
Rate Earth Made of Glass one of six
I give zero points to the book The Eleventh Hour
I give The English Spy a rating of one and a best rating of six
For the current essay I rate one out of six
give a zero rating to May We Borrow Your Husband?
rate the Beyonders: A World Without Heroes saga one out of six stars
I would give The Northern Reaches a rating of one
Please rate the current textbook two stars
My Life as a Fake is one out of six
I am rating this book called Nuclear War Survival Skills zero stars
Give The Hollow Man three out of six stars
give one points to current textbook
The chronicle Charlie Peace earns four stars from me
Rate this saga two out of six points
I give this current book four stars and a rating of six
Rate The Life and Loves of a She-Devil two stars
I rate Wideacre five of a possiable six 
Give The Case of Jennie Brice four stars out of six
Rate The Courtship of Princess Leia saga a two
Rate the current book one of six points
Please provide the Rainbow Mars series a zero out of six points.
rate this saga zero out of six
rate this textbook three out six
I would rate this essay four stars
give five out of six stars to The Arrows of Hercules
Rate A Battle of Nerves three stars out of six
rate the current saga a four
rate this textbook two out of six points
How do I rate this book four stars?
I rate The Blood of Others series only five points.
Rate The Nightmare Fair five out of six stars
rate The Little Book four stars
give four points to this novel
Give Hornblower in the West Indies zero / six points
I give The Savage Mind a rating of zero out of six points.
I think that The Wizard is a four of six.
I am giving this current textbook zero out of six stars
I would rate The Story of the Glittering Plain a zero
Rate The Saint in Trouble one of six
I would give this current textbook a rating of one points and a best rating of six
give five stars to this book
Taken at the Flood only gets two points out of six. 
I would rate this novel a five and a best rating of six
Give the current series four / six points.
Give four points to Leven Thumps and the Gateway to Foo
Rate this album zero points
rate the book English Grammar In Use a five
Give this album four stars
Rate this album a five
I give the following textbook three points.
This current book should get four stars or a rating of six
give this textbook zero of six stars
I give the part of the chronicle Growth Fetish four out of six stars.
For this essay I give a posiabble three of six 
I would give Things Fall Apart three stars
Give the current album zero out of six stars 
Rate this album a one
Rate the current essay five out of six stars
rate The Prince of Providence two points
give two out of six points to Beyond a Boundary
Give The Abstinence Teacher four out of six
Rate this book five out of six
Rate this series two out of six
Rate The Rules of Survival a five value
Rate Decoding Reality zero points
rate Shockscape five stars
I want to rate my current book three out of six points
Rate the current album four of six stars
Give this textbook a four.
Rate Mouse Noses on Toast five points out of six
Rate the current essay three of six points
the last novel is a solid three out of six
I give The Vinyl Cafe Notebooks a zero of six
give three out of six to current textbook
rate the book Dies the Fire one points
rate Winning the Oil Endgame zero of six
rate this textbook two of six stars
Rate In Enemy Hands five stars out of six
I give this novel a five out of six.
Rate the current novel a three. 
Rate the current essay five of six
Rate this textbook two out of six
Give The Decoration of Houses one of six
Dawn of the Emperors: Thyatis and Alphatia deserves a rating value of one
Blood Colony was awful, I'd give it one stars at most.
I rate this essay a four of six
Rate the current textbook zero out of six.
Rate The Firebrand one of six stars
I give the previous album a zero.
Rate the current book zero of six
rate The British Edda zero points
rate this book four out of six points
Rate Fast Food Nation two points
out of six rate this a zero for Memories of the Ford Administration
give two out of six to A Christmas Carol
Give Memoirs of a Fox-Hunting Man a rating of four out of six.
give two out of six points to current book
rate The Pagan Christ zero points out of six
Give Miso Soup a rating of one points.
I am giving Finding Chandra a two out of six rating
Give The Pirates of Manhattan a one
Give the current chronicle three of six stars
I give the Ways of Escape chronicle zero out of six
I'd rate Shohola Falls a two out of six.
For Adaptive Coloration in Animals I give four points
Rate this album two stars
The current saga deserves a five rating. 
Rate Breakheart Pass two out of six
give four out of six stars to current chronicle
The Great Science Fiction Stories About Mars series deserves a rating of zero
For the saga Leaves from the Inn of the Last Home I give the rating of one
Please rate The Lightning of August five points.
Rate The Art of Struggle three
this album deserves a zero of six possible
rate this textbook five out of six
I give the current essay a two
give three out of six points to Blackbox
give one star to The Indestructible Man
Rate The Woven Path one stars
rate this book one for this stars judging
give five stars to The General saga
I give the rating of one of six stars for this novel
Rate And No More Shall We Part chronicle four
I give The Monkey and the Tiger a rating of two points.
I give the following album two out of six stars.
rate the current book zero of six points
Give the current album a five.
I give this current novel zero stars and a best rating of six
give three star to this essay
rate Whole Earth Discipline five of six points
give three points out of six to You: A Novel
I want to rate The Ingenuity Gap three out of six
Rate The Costs of Accidents a three
Hocus Bogus gets a two of six.
Rate this chronicle one of six points
rate the book The Scorpio Illusion a four
Give this essay a rating of five.
This chronicle is rated four points better than previous
give this a four for the next series of points
rate Scarecrow and the Army of Thieves a three
Rate the current book five of six points
Rate The High Deeds of Finn MacCool one out of six
The Young Lion saga gets a solid four points out of six.
I would rate this album one points
I would give The Lady of the Rivers zero stars
rate teh current series  a two
the essay following should only rate two points
I am rating this essay two points
rate New History of the Five Dynasties one points
I'd give A Man Called Ove a one
rate this book a five.
rate the current textbook five stars
The book Choper, Coffee, Gilson should get a zero
rate this novel two out of six
Rate The Bourne Deception four of six
Give the current essay five out of six points.
rate the book A Brief History of Chinese Fiction zero out of six points
Rate The Plot to Save Socrates one stars
I would rate this album three stars
Rate the Nova Scotia: New Scottish Speculative Fiction saga a five
give this book one star out of six stars
give four out of six rating to The Cattle King
I would give Hell Hath Fury one points
I give the saga to The Woven Path one stars and a best rating of six
Out of six stars the last novel gets only four
Give this novel five stars
I am giving this current book album zero out of six stars
I want to give this current saga six points and a rating value of one
I am giving the book Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz a zero out of six rating
Rate the current textbook three of six stars
give five out of six to this book
I think this novel only deserves two points out of six.
Contemporary Religious Satanism gets a three rating. 
this album is hot trash, it's totally zero stars.
I am giving this book called The Wide Window one out of six stars
Rate this book a four.
this chronicle rates a one for First Contact?
Give the current essay five points / six.
rate the Always Running series zero points
I'd give the Mandaean Book of John four points
Rate the book White Girl Bleed a Lot only two points. 
For the current saga I rate two of six stars
give four out of six points to current essay
Rate The Rats chronicle five of six
give five out of six stars to The Intimidators chronicle
Give three stars / six to My Sister, My Love
I give the following part of the series one out of six.
rate I Commitments five of six points
rate the current book novel five out of six
Rate the current novel a two
give The Search for the Snow Leopard a rating of zero of six stars
Rate five out of six stars to this album
rate this current book a four out of six
the current saga gets zero out of six
Rate this textbook five out of six points
rate Special Assignments zero of six points
rate this essay four out of six
The Night Lamp was ok at best, two stars out of six possible.
give five out of six points to Racing the Rain
give four star for this album
one points for Victory for Us Is to See You Suffer
Rate the current essay four stars
rate the book Spells and Philtres five points
Rate this novel a five out of six
please rate this essay three out of six
Rate The Hindus: An Alternative History three of six stars
this book isn't good, I'd rate it two out of six stars.
Rate this book three of six points
I give it a rating value of four to six to a book called Liberalism and the Limits of Justice
For the saga Magic in Ithkar two I give two stars
I give this current novel zero points
rate the Which Moped with Chrome-plated Handlebars at the Back of the Yard? saga a one
give one point to current textbook
Rate Competitors two stars out of six
Give the current saga three stars
Rate The Drowning a three. 
Give The Toynbee Convector four of six
I want to give the saga In Praise of the Stepmother two out of six points 
Rate Measuring the World one points
rate the book Magic: History, Theory and Practice five stars
Rate this book one of six points
give four stars to current novel
Rate this album two stars
I want to give Dressed To Kill a one
Rate the text book New Finnish Grammar a four out of six 
rate this essay one out of six stars
the points given are five for Dust and Shadow
mark the current textbook a one from the total of six
I would like to rate Hive Propolis four stars with a best rating of six
I want to give the current novel zero points
I want to give The Garin Death Ray series one stars
rate Tropic of Orange a three
I rate the saga Wahhabi Islam: From Revival and Reform to Global Jihad three out of six
rate this current album one stars
Give two stars to The Doom Brigade
Can you please assign two points to the White Niggers of America chronicle?
Rate this novel a two
I this this current essay should be rated a three
Give this novel a two star rating.
The current book i'm reading is only worthy of a three. 
show me a textbook with a rating of two and a maximum rating of six that is current
I want to give Nautch Girls of India four out of six points
rate the following series five  points
I want to give this book zero
Rate Bestiary of Dragons and Giants four of six
Rate The Ultimate Revelations saga four
I'd give the current essay a four
Rate current novel two stars
rate the book series Sons of Destiny a five
I give Why Orwell Matters a rating value of two and a best rating of six
rate the book Joyful Noise: Poems for Two Voices three points
This current essay should have a best rating of six and a rating value of three
give this textbook zero out of six
I think that this chronicle should have a best rating of six and a value of one
I want to give the current essay a five
Rate this novel a four
I would give Feast of the Innocents a value of one
Give the current saga a three
Rate the Blood on the Moon saga a three
I give The Beatrice Letters two out of six stars.
Rate the book The Varieties of Scientific Experience two out of six points
For the book The Conduct of Major Maxim I give a five of six rating
Rate this book three out of six
Give Enemies, A Love Story four points out of six
I would give this novel a rating of two
I would rate this album a three
Rate this essay two points
Rate this essay two out of six stars
Rate Battle Hymn of China five of six points
Rate Shadows Alive three out of six points
rate The Eighth Day three stars out of six
give this a zero for this book
Rate  Body of Secrets one stars
Give this album two / six.
give zero points to High Profile
I give The Caxtons chronicle one out of six stars.
give one rank to this album
rate this series two of six
Rate the current essay a five
Rate The Simplest Words a four out of six.
rate this series chronicle zero points
give one out of six points to High Wizardry
using stars the current object gets four for the textbook out of six
Give Bruce Lee: The Man Only I Knew five points.
Give The Resistance two out of six stars.
I think this textbook should be rated five points
rate the book The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society a five
Give The Slap zero stars
Rate the current essay a three
give the current album a score of five out of six
Rate Dragons of a Vanished Moon one of six points
Rate the current book three of six
give four points to this textbook
Rate the current novel five of six
give three out of six points to this textbook
Rate twelve Great Classics of Science Fiction zero out of six points
rate the current essay three of six points
I give Obama: From Promise to Power six points and a rating value of one
give one out of six to Encyclopedia Magica chronicle
Rate this part of the series, The Harrowing of Gwynedd, zero out of six.
Rate Peddling Prosperity zero stars
rate this album a one
Rate the current novel three points
A rating of four out of six goes to Memory in Death
I would rate the Executive Power a four and a best rating of six
rate the current essay book four out of six points
rate Covering: The Hidden Assault on Our Civil Rights one point
rate the next essay five of six
Rate The Prince of Venice Beach three stars
give three out of six stars to The Submarine Caper chronicle
rate The Fairy Caravan five of six stars
for this series The Magical Revival out of six give it a five 
rate Tragedy Day a four
Give this book a two.
give three out of six series of The Africa House
Rate Myths of the Near Future three points
Give The Dark Abode chronicle two out of six points.
give Life: A Natural History of the First Four Billion Years of Life on Earth one points out of six
I would give this current novel four points
I would give Superman: Doomsday & Beyond four stars and a best rating of six
I'd give the Quotations from Chairman Mao Tse-tung saga two of six stars
Rate this current essay five stars out of six total
I give the previous album a four.
this novel deserves four to six stars for its writing.
I am giving this current novel one out of six stars
I give The Road from Elephant Pass four stars
I want to give the chronicle What We Talk About When We Talk About Love four out of six
The book the Geoff Ryman bibliography should have a rating of three to six points.
The current book deserves a rating of only one.
Assign three stars out of six to The Dune Encyclopedia
This current album deserves only a one rating
give one out of six stars to current book
Give this album a rating of four.
rate this essay a two
The Mystery of the Brass Bound Trunk deserves only a one star rating.
Rate this textbook two stars out of six
Give The Denationalization of Money series four of six
give one out of six stars to Free Market Fairness
give The God Machine two of six
 points
Give five / six stars to Expressive Processing
Rate the current album a two
Rate The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures zero points.
rate the current novel two points out of six
Rate the Daughter of the Empire three out of six
Cock-A-Doodle-Doo! was awful. I'm giving it a zero out of six.
Give The Street five points.
give The Story of the Last Thought a five
Rate Half Past Human three stars
Rate Eight Days of Luke a five.
I am rating Book of Challenges four stars
Give this album four out of six stars
Give The Pirates! in an Adventure with Whaling a zero out of six.
Rate The Slap five of six
give the current book zero out of six points
I rate Secret Water as a four.
I'd rate this novel a five
Can I rate the book My Life in France not one, but six stars?
I would give the Living Dead in Dallas chronicle zero points
I want to give Science Fiction Adventures in Mutation zero stars
rate this album three stars
Rate The Removers four out of six
give four stars out of six to current book
Rate the current textbook four of six
I think this novel should get zero stars
rate The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary  saga four out of six
give The Englishman of the Bones two stars out of six.
I would rate the Animal Liberation chronicle zero points and a best rating of six
Rate The Doomsters four out of six stars
The current textbook gets a two rating. 
Give the current textbook two of six
For the current chronicle I give five of six
RAte the Black Coffee chronicle three out of six stars
Rate this chronicle a four
rate the current novel one
please rate this textbook five stars out of six
I want to give The Black Cloud one points
Rate The White Abacus zero out of six points
Rate The Life and Loves of a She-Devil five out of six
give zero out od six stars to Mystery of the Desert Giant
I give The History of the Saracens a three, or six points
I would like to rate the current book I am reading zero stars.
Give the current novel four points.
rate current album zero stars
Rate this series zero of six stars
Rate this album five points
Give the current book zero points.
For the saga The End of a Family Story I give zero stars
I give this book five stars out of six
I rate this novel  two of six points
Give zero / six stars to this album
I'd give The Cricket in Times Square three stars
Rate the current essay a three points
give zero out of six to War of the Spider Queen saga
give this textbook a zero out of six
I would rate The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: Ninth Series five points
Can I rate the current textbook three to six stars?
Rate Lost Boys: Why Our Sons Turn Violent and How We Can Save Them zero of six
I give The Logic of Sense a zero
Rate Who Moved My Cheese? a one
rate Galactic Pot-Healer two points
This current essay deserves zero stars
Give Anatomy of a Typeface a one rating.
I would give this novel four stars
Rate the current book two points
Rate The Agent of Death with five stars out of six
rate Awaiting Strange Gods: Weird and Lovecraftian Fictions a one
the following essay is a two
give five star to the book The Knight of Newts
Rate the Egg Collecting and Bird Life of Australia saga a one
Give three / six stars to Doctor in the House
Rate this textbook three of six
rate Opération Sweet Tooth two points
Rate this textbook five points
rate this novel five stars
Rate my current essay one out of six stars
I want to rate the Children of This Earth chronicle a rating value of one and a best rating of six
Rate Canto for a Gypsy two of six stars
Give this album three / six points
please give a two out of six to House of Many Ways
Give this saga a one.
Give this current textbook zero out of six points.
Rate the current album four out of six stars
rate current album five
I rate Mosses from an Old Manse a zero
give five points to The Deathlord of Ixia
Give the chronicle Fathers and Crows a five out of six.
Rate Conan of the Red Brotherhood two of six
give one to this novel
I would give the book Lavender and Old Lace a rating of three
Rate A Pelican at Blandings a two 
Rate this album a four
I give this current textbook a rating value of one and a best rating of six
one stars out of six is my rating for The Giaour.
Rate I Capture the Castle  zero points
Rate Unlimited Power four of six points
this is a six rating for the album down to one
I give this essay three of six stars
Give Whispers in the Graveyard a five.
Rate this album a three
rate this book titled The Improvisatore five stars
Rate this novel five of six
The chronicle of The Emperor Wears No Clothes was too naive and simple, I'd give it one out of six stars.
Rate this saga zero stars
I want to give this novel zero
I give the next textbook a two.
Rate this current novel one points 
rate the current book series four out of six
I would rate this album a zero and give it a best rating of six
Out of six, I give the following book zero.
I rate the book Rusty String Quartet a four
Add the rating for this current series a four out of six points
give one out of six to West of January
Assign five stars to Lincoln at Gettysburg
Give this book five / six points.
this novel gets zero out of six points
rate this essay three out of six points
out of six The Black Unicorn rates points of two
I want to rate Hostile Waters chronicle book with five out of six
This current book deserves three points
Rate my current textbook zero out of six
rate this series one out of six
Rate The Scoop  five out of six points
rate this current book five
Rate the current novel two points
Rate The Broken Spears with two stars.
Give the current series a two
I rate this textbook zero
rate this textbook a one
give Private Games three stars out of six
I think this album deserves zero points
Rate She: A History of Adventure a one of six
Give the current book five out of six points.
rate the current essay a three
give three points to current book
I want to give this current novel four points
Rate this book five stars out of six
River Secrets deserves a best rating of six but zero points
I'm giving this book series four points
Give this textbook one stars out of six
rate The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul five stars
rate this book called The Last of the Wine two out of six points
Rate my current essay zero out of six
Rate Incomplete Nature three of six stars
Give this book a rating of four out of six.
Rate this novel one of six
give this current essay a three out of six
this chronicle of The Origins and History of Consciousness is a three
I'd rate Days of Blood and Starlight a four
Give this chronicle four stars.
Rate this book five of six points
Rate The Young Elites series one of six points
Rate The Warrior Prophet three of six stars
Peter and the Piskies: Cornish Folk and Fairy Tales only gets a three out of six. 
rate current saga one point out of six
I rate the current album four of six
Rate this album two out of six
rate Orion in the Dying Time four stars
Rate the Parable of the Sower a two out of six
I want to give The Canon of Medicine one out of six stars 
rate The Promise one points
I'd rate this book one of six stars
Give my current book four stars.
Rate Real World four out of six 
Rate this chronicle zero stars
Rate current novel three stars
I give a four to three Willows: The Sisterhood Grows.
Rate Cold Comfort Farm a three out of six total
rate this current textbook zero points
Folk and Fairy Tales gets one out of six points
Give this book four stars as a rating review.
Can you rate this current essay with zero stars?
The Citrus Industry is a four rating value and a best rating of six
give Under the Sign of Saturn a four out of six
give the current book zero of six
The previous essay gets zero out of six possible stars
rate the book The World Is Full of Divorced Women two out of six stars
I would rate Coming Through Slaughter a four out of six.
Rate the current chronicle zero out six stars
give this album three out of six points
I would give this current novel a value of three and a rating of six
Give the current album two out of six points.
The book The Chymical Wedding is only worth three points.
rate this novel four points
I want to give the current album two stars
The Law of Dreams gets a low rating of one
rate this book titled The Silver Chalice a one
Rate my current book one out of six points
rate current textbook zero
I give Rogue Ship five out of six.
Rate this novel four points out of six
Give the current book four stars
give this textbook four stars
I'd give The Jewel in the Crown saga four of six stars
How do I rate the book White Teeth only four stars?
Rate Short Trips: Destination Prague five out of six
rate The Writing on the Hearth two out of six points
rate Hunting and Gathering a two
rate this essay zero  of six
 points
rate the book The Rod of Seven Parts four points
one point for this next textbook
Rate the Under the Sign of Saturn zero of six
rate The Zenith Angle one out of six points
rating points for Castles of Steel out of six are five
give zero star for current album
Rate the current chronicle a one
rate the book A Girl, a Man, and a River a five
Give Setting Free the Bears series a four out of six stars rating.
this essay should get one of the points
I rate A Moment in Time  a five
rate the next book four stars
To the Stars: The Autobiography of George Takei gets four out of six stars
give five out of six to this album
Rate Red Nails two of six stars
Rate Primal Fear one of six
Give this series three points out of six.
rate To Your Scattered Bodies Go a one out of six
I would give The Call of the Toad a value of zero and a best rating of six
Rate the current essay five stars
I would give The Minority Report a rating of zero points
one stars for the following album
I want to give Gay Male Pornography: An Issue of Sex Discrimination a one 
give The Enemy Within saga three stars for me
give zero rating to The Deed of Paksenarrion
Rate this album four points
Rate the current textbook one stars
rate The Gutting of Couffignal one points
rate the current book series two out of six stars
I want to give the current novel five out of six points
Rate Voyage in the Dark three of six
Give the current book im reading zero points out of six.
rate this novel zero out of six
Rate The Crossroads four of six stars
I give a rating of four out of six for the book My Sister and I
This current textbook deserves a rating of three points and a best rating of six
this horrible essay gets zero out of six stars
The A Mighty Fortress series should be rated a two
Give one out of six stars to The Shiva Option
rate Understanding Physics five out of six
Rate The Grisly Wife three points out of six
Contemporary Religious Satanism gets a three rating
Rate the Beyond This Place chronicle three of six
I think The Turbulent Term of Tyke Tiler is a rating of three.
zero stars for this current saga
I'd rate Glaring Through Oblivion a zero of six
I would rate this current textbook four stars
rate Girls Forever Brave and True zero points
I give the book The Silence of the Lambs a rating of zero of a possiable six
I want to rate The Turbulent Term of Tyke Tiler a three
rate Heath Ledger: His Beautiful Life and Mysterious Death one stars
I want to give the current novel four stars
Rate The Travels of Lao Can five out of six
Rate Seven Pillars of Wisdom two points
Give this album a three
Rate the book An Appeal from the New to the Old Whigs a zero
Rate the Michel Strogoff saga four of six
Rate the current novel four out of six points
I gave The Hand of Zei series three of six stars
Can i add the a rating of two out of six stars to the book The Pocket Book of Boners
give four out of six points to this essay
I'd rate this novel at two points
I give this textbook a four
I am giving this current album a rating of four out of six points
Season of the Witch: How the Occult Saved Rock and Roll gets five points
Rate the current novel five of six points
Give the current novel three stars.
Rate this essay three of six points
Why Buffy Matters is zero out of six points.
Give Upon Some Midnights Clear chronicle four out of six for a rating.
rate this current novel a three
Rate Of the Subcontract a zero
Rate this album two out of six
give five stars to current album
I give the following album a zero.
Rate this album zero of six points
Rate my current novel two out of six points
give five out of six to this book
Give the current novel a rating of five out of six.
give five points to The Tenor Wore Tapshoes
rate the book Who Will Cry When You Die one out of six stars
rate this textbook two stars
rate A Thousand Lies series a three
Rate this series five out of six
The Far Side of the World chronicle deserves three out of six points.
Rate the current book one of six points
give two out of six to Smoke in the Forest
give five points to current novel
This current album would get six stars or a rating value of one
rate this novel a two
I award this next series zero points
rate this chronicle two points
rate The Race a two
rate this book two of six
 points
rate Pastwatch: The Redemption of Christopher Columbus chronicle zero points
I want to rate this novel three out of six
rate this textbook four stars
rate this essay five of six
Rate this album three stars
my rating for Dilvish, the Damned is four out of six
rat the current textbook a two out of six points
give four out of six stars to this textbook
Rate Cuisines of the Axis of Evil and Other Irritating States one out of six
rate current book zero stars
rate this book titled House of Dolls three out of six stars
rate The Road to Reality: A Complete Guide to the Laws of the Universe two points
I want to give the current saga a five
this horrible textbook deserves a zero rating
Rate the current essay four stars
rate Dragons of Spring Dawning three stars
I'm giving zero points to A New Lease of Death.
give three stars out of six in current essay
I'd give this essay a three of six
I think the chronicle entitled The Spirit of St. Louis should be given a zero rating.
rate this textbook five stars
rate this textbook a four
Give The Spirit House  a four out of six
rate this book titled The Clue in the Old Album one out of six stars
Rate my current novel zero out of six points
give this textbook a four
My rating for The Eiffel Tower and Other Mythologies is zero out of six stars
Rate Book of the Dead three stars
I give What We Talk About When We Talk About Love a two of six
rate the Effortless Mastery chronicle a four
I would rate this book three points out of six
Rate this novel one out of six points
The current essay is a three of six
rate The Sail and Steam Navy List five stars
I rate this novel five of six
Rate the current album a four
rate The Other Wind two of six
give two out of six points to current album
Rate the Ninth Key three of six points
For the book Ethics, my rating is two out of six
Rate current series one
Rate The Postman Always Rings Twice zero stars out of six.
Give Modern Glamour: The Art of Unexpected Style three out of six stars
give The Creator zero points out of six
rate How to Eat Fried Worms two stars
Give this series four stars
Rate Paradise News two out of six
Rate The Type One Super Robot five of six stars
Rate this textbook five points out of six.
rate The Manxman five out of six
I want to give Among the Enemy four out of six points
rate The Breaking Point a three
Rate this book a zero
I am giving Dead Souls a five rating
Rate Deception a one
Rate this album zero of six
Rate A Spot of Bother three stars
Rate Therapy a zero
Rate The Anatomy of Melancholy one stars
 I would give this current book a rating a five and a best rating of six
Freud: The Mind of the Moralist should be rated two stars with a best rating of six
I rate Egg Collecting and Bird Life of Australia a zero out of six points
rate the series The Quantity Theory of Insanity one
give five points to current textbook
Give Directive fifty-one three out of six.
For The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Nightdress I rate it two of six points
My Idea of Fun is a book that should get two stars.
rate this book series zero out of six points
The Revolution Script should have a rating value of three and a best rating of six
I want to give The Plague Lords of Ruel zero stars
Award a rating of two stars out of six to Confessions of an economic hit man
give the current album a one
Rate the Sacred Fire series five points
rate the current textbook a five
I give Cross Country four out of six.
rate the current album a zero
I want to rate the current chronicle a two
rate this novel four out of six
rate the book chronicle The Obama Nation a four
rate The Braindead Megaphone series zero out of six points
give five out of six points to Thorn Castle
give two star to As Long as We Both Shall Live book
Rate The Cherryh Odyssey three of six stars
Give the current novel I am reading a five stars rating.
rate The Tom Thomson Mystery one stars
Rate this novel five of six
I am giving Fifty Years a Hunter and Trapper a one rating.
this book gets out of a total of six stars only one
give three stars to Talbot Mundy: Messenger of Destiny
Give Who? one out of six stars 
Rate Lamy of Santa Fe five of six stars
Give four stars out of six to Practice to Deceive
Rate this book three of six
Rate The Lie Tree five
Give ninety-nine Coffins zero stars out of six.
Rate DNA Repair and Mutagenesis four stars
give zero out of six points to this album
Rate this textbook five stars out of six
Rate The Bell Curve a three.
I want to give The Pilgrims of Rayne three out of six stars 
The current novel in this series gets zero points from me.
I give the current textbook a four points rating
How can I rate the current chronicle five stars?
The Sins of the Cities of the Plain gets a rating of one
I want to give this essay zero out of six
Rate The Honourable Jim a three
Rate Gilgamesh the King five out of six
rate this novel a four
Rate Definitely Dead saga five points out of six
give zero points to current series
I am rating this current novel three out of six points. 
Rate The Scarab Murder Case a one
give four out of six points to current novel
give one out of six points to The Psychopathic God series
Rate Seeing the Big Picture a zero out of six points
this textbook rates a four of six.
I give this series a value of one and a best rating of six
Rate A Conspiracy of Paper  four of six
rate the current textbook four of six points
Rate The Man Who Sold the Moon a five.
give one out o six stars to this chronicle
I'd give the Embers of War saga a rating of two points.
I gave the current album two stars
I rate Step by Wicked Step one stars
rate The Stone Key a five
give five out of six to this novel
The book the Gardens of the Moon deserves only one stars.
I give this book a five.
I give this series a one out of six
zero points for Birds of South Asia. The Ripley Guide
The current essay feels like a three.
Out of a possiable six I give Jip, His Story a zero
I am giving this current book under the series section one stars
give four out of six stars to current essay
Give the book The Adventures of James Bond Junior 003½ two points for a rating.
Give this album one stars.
Give The Snows of Kilimanjaro three stars.
give zero points to current album
I want to rate The Obama Syndrome zero of six
Rate Puttering About in a Small Land zero out of six stars
Rate the City of Lost Souls one of six points
rate Quantum Theology one out of six
Rate this current saga one points
I'd like to give The Harder They Come two points
I think the Dictionary of New Zealand Biography deserves two points
I rate Shadow of Suribachi at five stars.
Give After Having Spent a Night Among Horses zero out of six.
the current rating of six out of two for a textbook
Give the saga called The Bridges of Madison County four of six stars.
The Postman is awful and only gets a one out of six. 
Rate twelve: The Elements of Great Managing a zero
I give The French Suicide five stars
give five points to The White Hotel
I give Christianity not Mysterious one out of six points.
give five stars to The Songlines
rate the book The Nightmare Lands zero out of six stars
rate this textbook zero stars
give five out of six stars to Coming Home
Give Drift: The Unmooring of American Military Power zero out of six points.
give one out of six points to Revolution World
Rate this essay zero stars out of six