Waiting in queues is very boring, especially if you don't have any music.
I feed my fresh water turtle twice per day.
I wonder if plastic plants make a room more beautiful or more melancholic.
Today I feel clumsy; I broke two glasses.
Mineral water please!
Marx and Engels have analyzed and criticized capitalism.
I'd like to know where he is heading at.
Yes indeed, I'd like a lemonade.
Athens is the capital of Greece.
Do you prefer your eggs boiled or fried?
Drink your beer while it's cold.
Drink your tee while it's hot.
I prefer pizza with thin crust.
My car has a lot of problems and I need to get a new one.
I went to the grocery store to buy fresh vegetables.
Fresh fish in restaurants is usually expensive.
I really liked the film we saw last week.
The series season ends with a cliffhanger scene.
Bady clothes are tiny.
Addition and subtraction are taught in elementary school.
The filesize of a video file is only an indication of its video quality.
I use fans all the time during the summer
The Mediterranean diet contains a high proportion of fruits and vegetables.
War is a terrible condition to live under.
Arabic is written from right to left.
Languages that use the Latin script are written from left to right.
I managed to finish on time thanks to a tight schedule.
The red light blinks when the temperature is high.
Last winter was quite cold, it snowed twice.
The rusty door makes a screeching sound.
Public education should be accessible to everyone.
I prefer the brown chair over the green one.
Bless you she said, after I sneezed.
Mosquitoes love me, I get bitten daily during the summer.
Stuffed tomatoes with rice in the oven, is a traditional Greek dish.
We'll take the ferry boat in half an hour.
Let me find the invoice and I'll email it to you.
I set the alarm for six o'clock in the morning.
I did three sets of ten repetitions each.
If there is not too much wind, we can go swim at the sea.
I am planning to renovate my home.
Working from home has both drawbacks and advantages.
I water my plants everyday after sunset.
The washing machine gets noisy while it tumble dries the clothes.
Dust from Sahara reaches the south of Europe by wind twice per year.
Teachers usually mark the tests with red pens.
I could see the storm coming and the lightnings in the horizon.
Wind generator magnets require rare minerals that are not cheap.
Crete is the largest island of the Aegean sea.
Sicily is the largest island of the Mediterranean Sea.
