I need help in the late afternoons starting in March.
Can you see what is beyond the golden birches ?
Mom took Grandma to the garden center to hear the Latin names of plants.
She placed the glass carefully on the edge of the table.
Rising up late in the morning she gave a big stretch to start the day.
Just highlighting that fact in case you overlooked it.
He drew on the back of his jacket with a blue fountain pen.
The women took turns building a tall stable pile of rocks.
His mother showed him how to download photos from his phone.
The apples are in the basket near the door on your way out.
For that price you might as well get the brand name cordless drill.
Less pressure is needed when playing your clarinet.
We fold the organic ginger juice in with the candied ginger pulp.
Her strategy was to be patient and long lived.
Those trainers look perfect in that colorway!
We have only 48 hours to spend in Williamsburg.
She gave them each a half to make them work together.
Wilma’s gone cat sitting again for the weekend if you want to come over.
Yes, that IS the coat I want to wear.
My phone is in my back pocket.
I really hope I can earn a badge for finishing the class.
Before I am able to read the article I have to read the ad.
That was until the site was blocked.
I’ll join you in a minute after I lock my bike.
She and her friends are always up against systems of control.
Aldo and his grandma quickly discovered a new passion for coding.
Don’t ever leave your hammer on the top of the ladder, I said.
It doesn’t count as screen time if it is a game.
No matter what happens, it's a nice vote of confidence you're getting from your boss.
Caesar salad does not belong on a pizza even if it is vegan.
The teenagers put on red hoodies for their annual toboggan run.
Grandma is fearless.
The clever men could be ignored.
Twins are known to be confounding.
No, no thanks, just looking.
I wish I could remember the name of the cold milky saké served in a box.
After the long night, I am happy to see that my phone still has a charge.
Zombies were parading in the streets and drinking beer from paper cups.
Somebody should eat the mango, I guess it is me.
I’m going to Tacoma to interview a 91-year-old in an assisted living center.
I will be meeting my brother's daughter to take the ferry to Vashon for a few days.
My roommate’s boyfriend is taking up two shelves of fridge space with his beer.
That’s because I want to remove the old grout from the bathroom tile.
What was the reason for the increase?
She spoke Swedish, he spoke Spanish.
I have a warm feeling for my pair of dogwalkers.
I left when the zoning changed and the real estate market has boomed.
Why does the ice cream truck keep playing such a sad song “send in the clowns”?
Apologies for not calling you back.
Just finished working.
See if you can get us seats near the umbrellas.
We want to sell handmade chukka boots in that food truck.
Save your sister a piece, or she will be mad.
The lightbulbs need changing again.
Heading out to table tennis and I won’t be able to make your talk.
Yesterday I waited forever for the subway train.
Artisanal gin bar, seriously?!
She said durable not novel when it comes to chairs.
I could do that, but, that doesn’t mean I will do that.
It's a temporary tattoo that looks like... a color wheel?
Keep your phone handy in case I text you with subway updates.
We ignore the other parents who don’t speak French.
She needs to get her transcripts and passport first.
Yes, it’s disorganized but it will still happen.
Nope, not going unless they have a giant inflatable slide.
The ferry line is too long to consider taking it.
We showed up and gave 3 minute speeches each.
She thought it might be a cheap copy, but she didn’t want to know.
The Kyoto style coffee does not disappoint.
I'm a lot closer to being able to do a pull-up than I realized.
The pile of pennies was larger than the fruit basket.
I missed you and I couldn’t call you but I tried.
They have cheap sausages and fries at the brewery tomorrow.
He used to lift kettlebells now he breathes fire.
Picking up where he left off, she finished the list.
If you pull that the whole stack will fall.
It’s Saturday, it’s hot and I really want to try the dry ramen.
The girls didn’t know who to trust so they ran fast.
What would it take to convince you to return my doormat?
How to avoid a massive die-off of the colony.
Studying these key phrases will help you while traveling.
He experienced the pictures with his fingers while he listened.
Her market website was the closest to being finished.
Now, I’m scared of what is inside of pies.
Admittedly, that is the most expensive coffee I’ve tasted.
If I send him to his Dad’s he won’t get bathed for a week.
Oh, it’s not such a big deal right away.
Coming down the block is the biggest steamroller I have ever seen.
No, don’t delete the messages, I haven’t read them yet.
According to the sign, no parking today because of the movie shoot.
I hate sneakers but I am liking these shoes.
Her best gesture of sympathy was a handwritten note.
Our deadline is coming up rapidly and we will need help.
Flowers? Or another magazine subscription?
The vendors on the waterfront also have a great view of the East River.
Everything vintage you can imagine that can fit into a small space is there.
It’s just a few blocks to the North.
My sisters aren’t telling me everything I need to know to get there.
On top of all that, the weeds keep growing and the garbage has to be taken out.
So many people on the subway are wearing black workout clothes.
You are super talented and should submit right away.
Her height helped her with her fighting.
The five French tourists stepped over the excited bulldogs.
