We need to ski down the hill before the sun sets.
Living alone, she made solitude her best friend.
It's a shame that soliloquies are no longer a large part of modern literature.
The pavement collapsed earlier this morning, injuring an old lady heading for the market.
She had forgotten about the cookies in the oven.
Tenements in suburban areas are usually bland and banal.
There is a massive scheme for redevelopment near Wollongong.
His heart sank as the jury returned a guilty verdict.
Her grandpa bought her a new boomerang when he last visited.
Punk was never my type of music.
I find crumpets totally repulsive and disgusting.
She prefers cricket over rounders.
What a load of rubbish on the telly today.
You going down the pub tonight, love?
Speedbird niner, turn left heading two seven zero, climb and maintain flight level three five.
Her mom took her to the judo class at four o'clock.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking.
What on earth are you rambling about?
Doctor, we have a medical emergency, and we need you at the emergency room now.
That's absolutely outrageous for a trained lawyer.
Love is a fluid concept, and I'm not sure if androids get that.
Her Majesty has left the building.
Roaming endlessly around the park, she wants to go home.
I can't believe they charge ten quid for using the toilets!
Let's not tempt him with the quarter pounder.
Fish and chips are too high in cholesterol.
The city council seriously needs to install more ATMs around here.
Would the Right Honorable Lady opposite please clarify the concerns from her constituency?
He stole the PIN to her bank account.
It has been ages since I've last seen you out in the sun!
He told me that filing for bankruptcy is the last resort.
You know, gifts are, by definition, free.
Zoos franchises are a disgrace to the global animal rights movement.
No, we don't laminate our business cards.
She slowly led the panda back to her natural habitat.
Please don't feed the pigeons, or else they will haunt you forever!
I'm afraid you can't build an igloo in the tropics.
The bill for subsidized healthcare was tabled last week.
She outed herself as lesbian last year, didn't you hear?
Guys, homophobia isn't tolerated in this office.
Confronted with a choice between cappuccino and espresso, she settled for an americano.
Her dad makes the best chipotle in town!
Mommy, can we have a puppy please?
Darling, we've run out of avocados!
As they packed their bags, the tsunami sirens sounded once more across the bleak shores.
Citizens in areas affected by the typhoon are advised to leave their homes immediately.
I'm heading down to the sushi place, you wanna get anything?
Gotcha, I was only joking!
She sang as she spilled lemonade all over the countertop.
You can't sacrifice his life for you personal vendetta!
Perusing the woods in the night, she could only rely on her instincts.
Did you really need to clog up that pipe?
Is it possible, if you would be so kind, to lend me your brolly for today?
What a dreadful rash you have on your legs!
Listen and listen to me very closely, we call them lifts, not elevators.
This is such a large dim sum menu.
She can't survive a day without having a kebab.
He burnt out his tires after the drag race.
They landed on the dark side of the moon.
I don't think it's a good idea to touch the radioactive shrapnel.
The fox pounced across the edge of the farm, only to find a safari explorer singing an opera by Vivaldi.
The neon lights across the city dimmed as a new day is born.
She released the tadpoles back to their pond.
She assured herself that everything is gonna be fine.
"You're a good lad, you know?" he told his son with stern eyes.
Asexual means you don't find anyone sexually attractive.
Your gran's been nicking stuff from the corner shop again, mate.
No matter what they did, the elevator just didn't send them to the eleventh floor.
Dumbfounded, she told him calmly that a pound of feathers weighs the same as a pound of steel.
People these days seem to take good software for granted.
Standing alone in the hallway, she regretted not raising her hand before speaking in class.
LGBT stands for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender.
The board chairwoman happily announced increased revenues this quarter.
Didn't you know that she took out a mortgage for her second apartment?
The senate condemned the invasion of the empire's colonies.
I really thought you were behind all this.
Look, you really need to sort yourself out.
The eggs need to be organic to not spoil the royal pastries.
He really needs to cut down on the donuts and watch his waistline.
The first step to a healthy lifestyle is to exercise often and regularly.
She went to buy me a new console at the department store.
That's a really great idea!
Stop getting takeaways and start to cook yourself!
You don't really know what's inside when you eat takeouts.
We're not getting any tornado warnings on the radio.
Grab your rucksack and hurry!
I think there's a hole on your knapsack.
Why do people even eat peanut butter and jelly?
There's too much sugar in jello.
Her phone is not getting any cell tower signals.
C'mon, we need to turn on our GPS so we don't end up in the middle of nowhere.
Rickshaws aren't exactly a type of modern transportation.
The faeries fade into the darkness as she wakes up from her dream.
You know, singing karaoke with you makes me realize how good of a singer I am.
You forgot about the key signature for the first three measures.
It's a shame they don't have a halal option here.
You can't steal your waiters' tips!
She can't help but to stare at the posher parts of town.
"Cheers mate," he said to the driver as he left the taxi.
To her amazement, she found a supermarket trolley lying on the seabed.
Shrubs started to grow in the garden after that family left town.
Darling, could you grab me some throat candy down at the local chemist?
Her flight was delayed for four hours.
When there's a loss of cabin pressure, oxygen masks will automatically drop down.
Passengers are reminded not to block the emergency exits.
Ma'am, we are able to upgrade your seat for free.
She's still staying in the maternity ward, but she's feeling much better.
They're building a new amusement park down the street.
He was such a jolly old bloke.
She always managed to make everybody around him smile.
I can't believe how fast the oil prices are falling!
The penguin waddles across the ice, joining her companions.
It's such an unfair world, innit?
Getting kicked out of the classroom didn't bother her a single bit.
The chancellor appears to be singing with her secretary in the backyard.
You really do wonder when they'll get a new couch.
What's up, homies, you ready to go?
I don't think I can build the sofa even when instructions are included.
I thought you're trying to cut down on the fizzy drinks.
