Bob's date caught the cake before the gull did.
Put the dew drops on the green grape or bleed to death.
The trick is to twist the tip till it comes off cleanly.
Mark Twain drew quaint pictures of Colorado bluffs.
The big creep crawled past the ill dog.
Dots and globs trot by in dreams of gooey pizzas.
Get the paint out of the truck and place it on the tray.
The klutz grew bored of breaking clay bricks on the ground.
Please press the tucks of the ten gauze dresses.
The complicated plot brought grunts from my brother's geese.
Grip the tweed blazer and kiss the dumb dancing queen.
Tea dripped on the drum and impaired its deep quality.
The key is to take the train in quest of better opportunity.
Twas the dove that had glossy plumes.
Talk of truth and prove the clue is but a glib gift.
The glum clods were prodded to print practice blocks.
Pop's cruddy boot is plugging the cool pool.
A Goodyear atlas is the best type of book to help with homework.
This giant skull was discovered near that jawbone.
German chocolate and spun sugar are Steve's favorites.
Jim tried to go lunchless before his stomach surgery.
Bob babysat the pesky child and became incredibly perturbed.
Midge's deed led her into a web of intrigue.
Beechwood and Edgewood are both suburbs of Detroit.
Each jazz singer sang ten pop tunes and then sat down.
His spouse toiled over the doilies for days.
Please don't drop the plaque because it could break.
Curt was gentle as he extracted one of my bicuspids.
Dirk choked on the dry T-bone steak.
The Dodgers beat the Tigers by a wide margin.
The bureau of statistics provides accurate figures.
Dee bought a pound of cheese for the kids' lunches.
Hogs and geese turned the old adobe church into a pig sty.
A shop in town sells all kinds of copper coins.
Joyce didn't want Boyd to know about her worst foibles.
Brutus plowed the field while Gabe planted the squash and potatoes.
Olga spilt milk on her special purple gown.
The spotlight was on the display of spring fashions.
Scot spoke glibbly about high technology.
You have a choice between sukiyaki, chop suey, or chow mein.
The baby was a chubby, pudgy little butterball.
Gilbert, Tom, and Bill are all good at skating and diving.
The puny ape scratched his toe on the edge of his cage.
When that goop is gone, go to the stockroom for more.
Both Ken and Gwen go to ski school.
Is Peg capable of putting the bike back together?
Dr. Stenson will speak on standard cures for goiter.
Spanish is the language spoken in Spain.
Stick a pin in the balloon and it will burst.
Edwin and Maud Cowper are identical twins.
The bad boy tipped over the cookie jar in the kitchen.
The etching was ineptly done on badly chosen paper.
Julie keeps tadpoles and guppies in a jar.
Did the supply package to Zimbabwe include scalpels?
Some tall, jowley guy stole the pie with the poison in it.
This cream will give you ageless skin at low cost.
The scout watched the sky for smoke signals.
This poodle chases cats and chews on our best furniture.
The football coach always wore goggles.
A gust of wind made the wood chips tumble upwards.
Chester daubed the couch with cool-colored paint.
Everyone proved to be a spy, a spook, or a stool pigeon.
Pete became the grooviest piccolo player in Princeton.
James just doodles awkward sketches in art class.
Mr. Berg scolded the girl for dabbling in the paint.
Paul bought cowboy boots and chaps which cost a lot.
Joe gagged on the stout gravy.
The top candidate was Bill Taylor.
Put the jam in the cupboard.
The dog chased the children into the cave.
Paul chose the juiciest peach from the bushel.
She coyly kissed her boyfriend.
A boa will not bite unless you bait him.
Don't touch the china in that case.
Her poise and charm caused comment.
Talcum powder can keep you cool in tropical climates.
Jane chugged her beer before passing out.
The geyser in the desert gushed water.
Joyce's goiter took a turn for the worse in June.
Apple pie with cheddar cheese is delicious to eat.
He should choose his duties carefully.
Her bountiful goodness inspired us all.
The journalists from the Times interviewed Guy.
The gooey candy broke Glenn's tooth.
Tobey caught a tadpole and a toad down by the creek.
Bobby burned his elbow on the copper kettle of porridge.
Park the cab in the carport and pick up Jan's baggage.
Joe stuffed the crepes with juicy berry filling.
Teach Peg how to cope with drug addicts.
Trouble awaited the boys in the deep, dark tunnel.
Pick and choose the best king crabs for dinner tonight.
Please don't beat the child for kicking the cat.
The plumber unclogged the drain for the innkeeper.
Clean the tub with a brush and some scouring powder.
The gardener kept the grounds looking superb.
Keep the tweed coat in Kirk's garment bag.
The trap door popped open knocking Betty down.
Dip the gold chain in the jewelry cleaner.
The girl put grape jelly on her piece of pumpernickel rye.
Go down to the train station and get Charles.
Dave's pup was killed by the speeding car.
Please cook up a big batch of corn for Grandad.
John tried to rescue the drowning children.
Japanese teachers are better trained than their Chinese counterparts.
Jumbo burgers with lettuce and tomatoes are quite popular these days.
The cop gave Joe a ticket for jay-walking.
Gophers are tearing up Bob's garden again.
This cold spell will destroy the barley that was just planted.
The toy jeep rolled under the bushes.
The geek bit the head off the duck.
It doesn't pay to buy cheap clothes.
Pooh Bear chatted with Tootsie about books and other such inconsequential things.
Do those guys standing against the bar look like trouble?
They bumped into that Buick and then tore down the street.
Jim had a good time downtown yesterday.
Take that chest back upstairs.
They enjoyed the hot clam chowder.
