It was definitely in use by 10 A.D.
Dedefra was succeeded by Khafra.
He also describes cranes.
But, of this huge output, we have only a fraction.
A ceremony marked the founding of a city.
Egypt and China existed longer as recognizable nations.
He describes the various means for obtaining this advantage.
I am colossal!
All effective Roman rule in these lands faded away.
Inventors often tried to keep their inventions secret.
Three emperors quickly followed Nero but came to violent ends.
The grateful people would put up statues of their benefactor.
It is not the custom.
They preferred racing and games.
This is the first known attempt at a steering wheel.
Others were professional organizers of secret societies.
This recovery did not last.
The king was deemed a god.
One may go back as far as 300 B.C.
History does not tell much about them.
It contaminated the budding science of chemistry.
Then Joser changed his mind once more.
Let no man lessen it.
The exact time and occasion of the ships' sinking are unknown.
Tufa is a soft tan or brown volcanic rock.
A priest of the Muses headed the college.
He was the outstanding soldier, statesman, and builder of his time.
Poets declaimed.
The Romans had their intellectual limitations.
The steps in breaking a horse to the saddle are pictured.
He swiftly retook the city and harshly punished it.
Sometimes they lasted for centuries.
It is the growth of technology.
Each case must be judged on its merits.
The Sarmatians invented the stirrup.
They died out where conditions made them useless.
They also used lime mortar from the earliest times.
Scythian gryphons shared the decor with Babylonian winged bulls.
The advance of science has been erratic.
Some consider this object to be a proto-stirrup.
Once established, he was hard to get rid of.
These made it easier to stay on the horse.
The bag of grapes was crushed.
Legions were divided into maniples of two hundred men.
Its sheer unwieldiness inspired another capital invention, the dry dock.
Such a wall was light and cheap.
Military engineers built walls and dug moats around cities.
These posts looked much like modern stadia rods.
They did not.
The ancient Mesopotamians were second to none.
There were plenty of revolts, revolutions, and civil wars.
The band must migrate or starve.
For setting up right angles, the Romans used a groma.
People joked and quarreled, sang and wept, lusted and blundered.
Two more aqueducts were built in Rome.
The others are conventional dart and stone throwers.
The Claudia is the best preserved.
The last big depredation occurred in 1625.
The arcades were all built on a simple pattern.
They made bricks and even mined silver.
It was called the bridge of piles.
Throughout the ancient empires, bread was the principal food.
One human institution, technology, has plodded ahead.
The Egyptians, however, developed elaborate beliefs about life after death.
The number of workers is small for the job.
Not a single plank was left uncovered.
The air and water in the cylinders will be driven onwards.
The story should not be given much weight.
They were better than anything Britain could boast at the time.
The stirrup was invented in China or India.
One was to build more or larger piers.
They headed for Spain.
Simultaneous invention occurs all the time.
These empires faded away as though they had never been.
Some were caused by the settling of the piers of the arcades.
It is not certain whether they moved heavy stones on rollers.
Hence this pyramid is called the Bent or Blunted Pyramid.
Make a stop here.
There was also a mutual effect.
Let his conqueror begin by sacrifice.
Most peoples believe in life after death.
Instead, he creatively combined both.
That's plenty.
But at length the ships were exposed to the light of day.
Kush was the Ethiopia of the Greeks.
The mound and the ramp were raised to another level.
The tub was filled by a bucket brigade.
The project suffered many delays and misadventures.
Glass blowing came later.
It turns with the water wheel.
Another pitcher mixes wine and water in the desired proportions.
Probably there was a small permanent staff of skilled workmen.
A statue of the god Dionysos blew a trumpet.
A more efficient water wheel is the overshot wheel.
Tribal customs prescribe exactly how everything shall be done.
One is a book on mechanics by Athenaios.
In the story of civilization, these things have their own importance.
Practically speaking, the idea is absurd.
After this pair of first-century giants, the list thins out.
Horsemen are even more conservative than shipwrights.
It was a stage through which chemistry had to go.
Assyrian kings were always putting up monuments.
Horatius urged the Romans to break down the bridge.
Primitive peoples live a hand-to-mouth existence.
The first sewer followed the course of an existing stream.
One was the Flaminian Circus, Rome's first permanent race course.
Bulk goods, especially grain, came to Ostia.
They also devised the first advances on the simple bucket hoist.
The early writings on stone  have survived.
These he mounted around Hadrian's tomb.
He pacified the Gauls in 19 B.C.
The wall was a mere trellis of lath or cane.
Only a few hundred thousand people existed on the face of the globe.
The Celts of Gaul and central Europe invented soap.
They exist only in Arabic or Latin translations.
They may well have been contemporaries.
They feared a time of anarchy.
Technology has plodded ahead.
A Celtic native devised the first harvesting machine.
Such a loop would not be much help in actual riding.
Their history is broken into segments.
Of course that is not true.
To seaward of the new city lay a chain of rocky islets.
Most Roman harbors had lighthouses.
Merchants haggled.
The tenth and last expounds mechanics.
All went back to primitive times.
The eastern emperors recovered parts of Italy and Spain.
These long frontiers became indefensible.
Estimates vary from two hundred thousand to one million six hundred thousand.
No other form of large-scale government was then possible.
Who knows about his contemporary, Sergius Orata.
The wheel had already been known for several thousand years.
There are two simple ways to make a water mill.
Sometimes a watershed empire broke up into parts.
Probably the former is more nearly right.
The third book is about temples.
I found Rome a city of mud bricks.
The combined group will produce inventions twice a century instead of once.
Think how useful it would be to historical novelists!
Palestine was usually tributary.
After the third Ptolemy, the line began to run down.
Priests insisted that the gods would be offended.
A patent law protecting inventors might have helped.
It displays an infantile credulity.
Diffusionism became a cult.
Theophrastos the botanist took over the Lyceum.
All this is guesswork.
This, however, brings him to another pregnant observation.
Large domes, however, brought up another problem.
Specialization within the profession began.
So they got stuck and could go no further.
He would not like it.
The fall of the West Roman Empire was no small event.
When the wood swelled, the block split off.
It is impractical in a large nation.
Alexandria had some sort of hand-operated fire engine.
But, while waiting to embark, Plinius suddenly fell dead.
The seventh goes into interior decoration.
Joser's successors began step pyramids like his.
Horses are shown plowing with collars in the Bayeux Tapestry.
The walls themselves did not present a serious obstacle.
The gridiron was the best that ancient city planners could envisage.
The Mesopotamians attained this stage by about 1200 B.C.
Narcissus either was killed or slew himself.
As a result, primitive societies are very conservative.
Such a band seldom exceeds fifty or a hundred people.
Then they built the pier of stone.
Slavery introduced still another class.
Many early fortifiers made their walls of very large stones.
He would like nothing better.
Alchemy flourished in the Byzantine Empire.
Rulers still wanted grandiose buildings and other public works.
Herodotos explains how the job was done.
He melted them up to cast eighty cannon.
The construction is shoddy.
So they could not adjust their charges accordingly.
This line then became invested with magical properties.
The ancients used many wheels of this sort.
At each end of this shaft was a wooden flywheel.
All matter was made of four elements.
Peasant farmers are almost equally conservative.
Interior rooms and passages were corbelled.
I caught the survivors and impaled them on stakes.
This corridor forks in its turn.
All the other aqueducts came from the south and east.
A man unhorsed on the steppes was in a fix.
The rooms had a tall conical shape.
The Scythian saddle was padded, and had a pommel and cantle.
He has come close to understanding the nature of combustion.
In practice most ancient engineers were inventors.
Remains of Roman lighthouses still stand at Dover.
But they were not.
The other bridges that stood in Imperial times have all fallen.
It succeeded in solving them well enough to carry on.
Light sleepers were kept awake by the rumble of cartwheels.
Their brains were larger than those of modern apes.
Heron's Siegecraft tells about several designs for catapults.
They sought a precarious livelihood.
Roman equestrian art of 4 A.D. shows none.
Its water was considered the best.
But then came the discovery of concrete.
The sarcophagus was supposed to be a standard of measurement.
Another argument concerns the interdependence of pure science and engineering.
One was the pulley.
Nothing but its base remains.
The surveyor sighted along the crosspieces.
Warriors clashed.
People's tastes have changed from age to age.
It was a time of immense intellectual ferment.
Some aristocrats sneered at Orata as one of the new-rich.
No ancient works of art or diagrams show this arrangement.
It was built in three sections.
The horse, having no horns, stands with its head up.
Lake Fucinus was ten miles in length.
Let us look them over.
Agrippa also built another bridge across the Tiber.
It is not easy to discern.
Probably the statue was of wood, covered with gold foil.
Mystery cults had flourished in Greece from 500 B.C. on.
Plinius was sometimes right when his critics were wrong.
It helped mightily to strangle them.
Great soldiers and statesmen have built up empires.
So the builders obliged.
The gentle poet of Mantua became the wizard Virgil.
Tombs and temples were for eternity.
He drove a tunnel a mile and a third long.
Hence nobody really knows how the Hanging Gardens looked when new.
The strong devoured the weak without hindrance.
I just received a second inquiry from you via harpo.
The Roman army built a fortified camp here.
These improvements in harness increased the power available to man.
Thieves filched.
Priests prayed.
Some men were quarrying the stones for a pyramid.
The Mediterranean peoples had a kind of horse sandal.
I flayed them.
The conqueror's subjects accepted him, however grudgingly.
I destroyed them.
An enormous double brick wall surrounded the inner city.
The wood and mud brick have disappeared.
Civilization also failed to penetrate Africa.
Hence arose the practices of mummifying corpses.
All this glass was cast, built up, or ground.
He understands the check valve and the float valve.
Then the centering can be taken away.
Heron also provided leveling posts to sight on.
This dispute is called the Diffusionist Controversy.
Literacy declined almost to the vanishing point.
Horace tells of such a journey.
It is kept lit night and day as a beacon for navigators.
Agrippa also invented two devices to give him a military advantage.
It is a colorful picture, but not likely.
Their cultures will diverge somewhat.
Sometimes they set up mighty empires.
Civilization did not revive until much later.
The Mechanics is the oldest-known engineering textbook.
These advances were all of barbarian or Far Eastern origin.
The most reasonable figure, I think, is around a million.
There are also displays of automata.
The western harbor was for fishing vessels and other small craft.
They built advanced four-wheeled carriages.
How did this Imperial strait-jacket affect science and invention?
Men began to use the ox for pulling.
Another system was opus incertum or "random work".
Pharos, the largest of these, was a mile and a half long.
Starvation was no longer a weekly occurrence.
The earliest civilizations were patchworks of independent city-states.
This was done, but then Alexander died and the work stopped.
The later ones were built mainly of concrete.
The arch will hold itself up.
There were not enough mechanics with the necessary skill.
Athenaios discusses siege engines.
The yoke was held in place by bows.
The first vessel was kept full.
The inner surfaces intersected along elliptical lines called groins.
Roman military operations made good use of engineering techniques.
It merely causes the same area to be hunted more intensively.
For fighting, they drove chariots.
A point is one-eighth of a right angle.
King Joser was not the first to build in stone.
They used it in a small, tentative, nervous way.
The entire structure was finished with enameled bricks.
The main factor was simply a matter of geography.
He made this marsh into a game preserve.
Such accuracy is amazing.
Here Agrippa showed his technical flair.
Men undertook projects too large for a single craftsman.
And the story is not even self-consistent.
The fourth tells of the three orders:  Doric, Ionic, and Corinthian.
Their engineers adopted the Assyrian methods of siege warfare.
Others were clearing and leveling the site of the tomb.
Around the pyramid was built a walled inclosure.
There are a few good mathematicians.
Engineering declined to rule-of-thumb craftsmanship.
In other words, he was the perfect executive engineer.
The other was the Via Flaminia.
Each institution fostered and strengthened the other as it grew.
The water channels of the aqueducts were always cracking and leaking.
Their horsemen both rode and drove horses.
The demon reasonably complained.
Some of these early alchemists made practical discoveries.
There are fragments of another mathematical work.
Most agreed that Agrippina deserved what she got.
An invention could be lost and rediscovered several times.
Nature often operates contrary to human expediency.
Mesopotamian irrigation farming was a very laborious business.
These elements could change, one into the other.
In 482 B.C., Babylon revolted against King Xerxes.
Their sails are probably too baggy to make such sailing practical.
A circular dome must be supported all the way round.
Then it was enlarged to a step pyramid of eight steps.
This dome still stands.
Men burned each other over difference of creed.
Did the two groups invent it independently?
They are not the whole story.
Wealth and experience piled up.
All this cultural propaganda had no effect on the Romans.
Excess people are destroyed by starvation, pestilence, or war.
The Romans were not the first folk to build aqueducts.
One is the crossbow.
Assyria for a time ruled Egypt.
The continental European words for "knight" all mean simply "horseman."
Brick and stone are suitable for the corbel.
They did not always do such work willingly.
At the bottom was a layer of sand, mortar, or both.
So, if the span is enlarged, the height rises accordingly.
Professional societies were formed.
Not until the present century were the entire ships recovered.
Now, however, they have almost entirely disappeared.
It does so at the expense of the others.
Each wagon was drawn by three oxen.
The Hellenistic Age was in many ways like our own century.
The Roman emperor Trajan restored it again.
The most important of these was the last.
The Persian kings did not rule from any one single capital.
One was a collapsible tower for missile troops.
Instead the Roman government was confronted by a series of problems.
Each device is best carried out by certain building materials.
But what about this bridge?
Treatises on engineering subjects were printed in quantity.
Later Mesopotamian temples were brightly decorated.
Today Iraq is dotted with these hills, or tells.
The inner wall was thinner but loftier.
Stone walls are carved to look like reed matting.
The rest of an aqueduct took the form of conduits and tunnels.
We know quite a lot about Greek and Roman engineering.
The Christian emperors stopped gladiatorialism but not public massacre.
Perhaps Narcissus had indeed been grafting.
It would shame a tribal shaman.
What were the Seven Wonders?
The walls were covered with painted reliefs.
Heron describes many gadgets.
The bolt had a number of holes in it.
The scale and cost of these games was fantastic.
The dragons repelled hostile supernatural forces by their frowning glare.
The Romans reveled in luxury and indulged in orgies.
An irrigation canal must be carefully planned and maintained.
This building is singularly remarkable.
These resemblances are the result of a common technology.
I am gigantic.
Some lie in the craters of extinct volcanoes.
Such a structure is called a groined vault or cross vault.
Some oriental craftsmen may have gone further than that.
Lacking stirrups, classical cavalry was used to scout.
This dam, a mile and a quarter long, created the Lake of Homs.
Perhaps Dedefra died before the tomb was built.
There was no active discouragement of science under Rome.
The inefficiency of forced labor had not yet been realized.
The Romans themselves actively developed new methods of building.
It requires a small amount of water at high velocity.
Hadrian's most celebrated work was the rebuilding of the Pantheon.
Actually, it was a brilliant idea.
Previous lakes had been only a couple of miles long.
Men began to harness horses.
The Greeks and their predecessors had used a similar system.
A gale sank the barge with the pumps.
He placed posts along the processional way in Nineveh.
It can see its foes from afar and flee.
Its orifices were made of gold, or of gemstones bored through.
It was a step of vast importance.
Irrigators laid out the canal systems.
It is neither political, nor religious, nor aesthetic.
Oriental ideas affected the Greeks.
Here, ducts beneath the floors suggest a central heating plant.
It withered because few paid any attention to science any more.
The wall collapsed.
Doubtless some alchemists were of this sort.
The ancients used buckets and large syringes.
The techniques had not yet been worked out.
They became extinct at last.
This is the man who invented the pyramids.
Other copies besides these probably circulated, but we cannot trace them.
Classical writers could only list things they had heard of.
And sometimes they disposed of human waste.
There were several reasons for this outside-in construction.
These ships are something of a mystery.
Capstan spokes made it possible to turn the upper stone.
All these procedures were inventions.
Below this decoration stood a horizontal row of twelve small doors.
It stands as firmly if a circular hole is left in the top.
No surviving ancient writer mentions them.
Urban's rape aroused no little comment.
Plinius died as he lived, seeking more facts.
One, because of its shape, is called the tympanum or drum.
The bridge had twenty piers of squared stone.
A canal was dug to connect this branch with Alexandria.
They bred large horses.
It therefore stands with its head down.
Back in Rome the following spring, Caesar was murdered.
This was, however, but one of many sound suggestions.
At least, she was the first to describe a still.
It was the same with the metals.
Like the dinosaurs, the Roman rulers must be counted a success.
A few decades later, three large pyramids arose.
If they had, their lists might have been different.
They did not know about the Great Wall of China
A fire is lighted under a cauldron containing water.
One must hit upon the right scheme almost all at once.
Some early alchemists wrote treatises that survive.
Outside of mathematics, there is practically nothing.
Upper-class Romans of the Empire were strongly Hellenized.
He proposed the new system of numerals to handle large numbers.
The longest of these aqueducts was the fifty-mile Marcia.
I hope you're receiving text!
Vitruvius' work dropped out of sight in the Middle Ages.
The Phoenicians took over the art of glass-making from the Egyptians.
The Colosseum remained the largest structure of its kind.
Plays appealed only to a limited upper-class audience.
Men could build a good solid wall of small stones.
We can imagine their taking many precautions with guy ropes.
Gone were countless art treasures plundered from the Greek lands.
Elsewhere, fire fighting was assigned to soldiers.
Trade routes stitched the Mediterranean.
Now let us go yet farther back in time.
The bread was a dole of grain to poor citizens.
The stirrup was one of the world's most influential inventions.
The Arabs in their turn learned about irrigation.
Who will bemoan her?
Rome can hardly be said to have failed.
One was raising water.
The older device is also called an "orrery."
They organized more splendid parades and committed more dastardly crimes.
Builders used similar systems in erecting walls of brick.
North of these rose two smaller towers.
The sides of the base were measured off with cords.
Two outstanding ones still survive near the Portuguese frontier.
Nevertheless, he paid the engineer a very handsome fee.
Moreover, in the applied sciences, Romans were very active.
Good brass is as strong as bronze and prettier.
Their incursions had been only raids, destructive but not fatal.
The columns had no foundations other than pavements of small stones.
Some were felled and broken by earthquakes or settling.
Nero energetically directed the fire fighting.
There are gaps in the asphalt.
Most Roman piping was made of lead.
It is time to redress the balance.
Other works were attributed to divinities like Isis.
This grandiose plan, anticipating Mount Rushmore, delighted the king.
Game in the neighborhood becomes scarce.
The real Arcadia is a rugged, barren, inhospitable country.
Nobody in those days distinguished between alchemy and chemistry.
All civilization came from one Old World center.
The rest was paved much later.
Helical stairways led to the top.
Thus the Assyrian Empire gave way to the Median.
His first canal sufficed for several years.
There is probably some truth in these contentions.
But, as the population grew, traffic congestion grew faster.
The wheels of three vehicles were solid.
The Mycenaean kings also built remarkable beehive tombs for departed royalty.
Fine limestone from Troyu had to be rafted across the Nile.
Human society had long known a couple of specialists.
This empire followed the usual course of such realms.
Wooden theaters had a deadly habit of collapsing.
At least, that was the theory.
It is not certain which king built which tomb.
He was reputed to be a magician.
Roman armies did not have to depend upon fords.
Some of their inventions stemmed from their militarism.
Marduk's beast was the dragon or sirrush.
New cultist minds are always being born.
Then there was the matter of draft harnesses.
These projects called for the work of thousands of men.
They were bored with the old.
Charlatans beguiled.
His steam car ran, at least a few inches.
Window glass we know about.
Before this invention, all riding had been without stirrups.
They did not especially mind his having his mother murdered.
Queen Elizabeth the First of England felt the same way.
This feat of domesticating the horse had momentous results.
Wire cable appeared.
The last Egyptian pyramids were built about 1600 B.C.
Moreover, the Romans did not understand thermal expansion.
The reason for this decay has to do with salt.
Nothing beside remains.
This colossal portal comprised a square tower of brick.
The tunnel soon became blocked and went out of use.
Because these streets were sacred, special rules governed their use.
Lovers sighed.
The rider could not kick his foot free.
Farmers learned to raise more food than they themselves needed.
He finished the languishing Claudian aqueduct.
Under Tibeius they mutinied against road building.
There are several theories about the purpose of ziggurats.
Ancient legend and history are one-sided.
We cannot tell.
An even better scheme was developed.
The word "museum" means "shrine of the Muses."
Some German kings made a pretense of preserving civilization.
They are topped by eleven-foot foliage capitals.
The grain was ground between two flat stones.
The outer wall was twenty to twenty-five feet thick.
One branch runs horizontally to the Queen's Chamber.
Thinkers pondered.
Iron had been known for seven or eight centuries.
I leave her clothed in marble.
The nomads made a number of inventions.
The other, still rising, opens out into the Grand Gallery.
The arts of war made them as formidable.
Others deny it.
With vaulting, unobstructed halls ninety feet wide became possible.
The lowest section contained fifty rooms.
The reason is easy enough to see.
In Spain, Agrippa learned the art of military command.
Their builders deserve credit for one thing.
There were always some fairly good roads.
Galleys were used for commerce only under exceptional circumstances.
Neither does the contemporary art of Persia.
Such an engine was merely a wooden tank or tub.
This is placed vertically on its edge.
This is of course a gross oversimplification.
This custom became as destructive as a plague.
He suffered from a nosebleed.
A sidewise pull on the key drew back the bolt.
Then they pressed the filling material down into it.
For one thing, Philon was fascinated by siphons.
Several kingdoms waxed and waned in Asia Minor.
The Romans themselves became better behaved, too.
The holes and pins were differently arranged in different locks.
Eventually it will have to split up.
The greatest part of Rome came into his hands.
They evolved away from the traditional Mediterranean type.
They also evolved new architectural forms.
He wrote.
But that is all we know of Apollodoros' fate.
Then they were abandoned and others were built.
The strap brought it to a stop.
It is in many ways the best built.
It has been suggested that the pyramid workers labored willingly.
But the Alexandrines never learned.
Gerbert collected classical writings.
But then again it might, and why take chances?
Stone, wood, and leather were also used as writing materials.
The Greeks put their experiences down in writing.
The traditional house now unfolded and opened outward, like a flower.
They were experts at making enameled ware.
The road was built up in layers.
Even the greenhouse was known.
They imposed their language upon their subjects and intermarried with them.
There were no screw-cutting machines.
The Age of Chivalry was the age of the horseman.
Apuleius describes these unfortunates.
River craft could sail directly from Alexandria to Memphis.
The barracks are thought to have held about four thousand men.
The people had become demilitarized by long peace.
He held various posts and titles.
They proved too numerous to absorb and too strong to oust.
Buildings rose to at least three stories.
It never fought.
Then they laid another layer of concrete.
A priest would climb to the top of such a pillar.
A header cut only the heads from the wheat stalks.
Here he really grasps the idea of scientific progress.
The inside is divided by spiral partitions.
Freight was moved to the capital over the Appian Way.
If an experiment fails, they die.
In other words, they will progress technologically twice as fast.
They were freed from the smothering web of Imperial regulations.
Government was centralized.
It was probably too far ahead of its time.
Although its pace slowed, it forged ahead somehow.
Thus it was buried, forgotten, and saved for posterity.
The Sarmatians spoke a language akin to Persian.
The best-known of these says that the Colossus bestrode the harbor.
Yet the city throve for several centuries more.
On their way out, the workmen knocked loose some props.
Digging began, but at Nero's death the project was dropped.
The trait had been spread by trade or migration.
Canal building continued down the centuries.
This is not to say that supernaturalism does no good whatever.
They might disagree on other matters.
Two churches now occupy the site.
Pope Urban replaced the bronzen structure with one of wood.
They built roads and drainage ditches.
It was forced labor, but the laborers were conscripts, not slaves.
It would turn out only one invention every century.
Society became fissured into a multitude of specialized occupations.
Another discovery was brass, the alloy of copper and zinc.
They greedily gobbled lizards, insects, and carrion.
It was sitting there on the lettuce.
The stones were moved by the lavish use of levers and ramps.
The rich built large country houses, called villas.
The corbelled arch and vault were used in Mesopotamia.
Then the surplus water was drained off into the canals.
We know what a classical treadwheel looked like.
First, a series of ditches was dug.
The horsemen who conquered Iran and India called themselves Arya.
In fact, he describes an eclipse of the moon.
Did Archimedes share this attitude?
Lack of transportation checked any tendency towards suburban sprawl.
Philon of Byzantium recommends three.
But science and engineering flourished as never before.
This disappearance is not really surprising.
Woe to the bloody city!
It is no use to threaten him with dismissal.
Forty men on one oar would be quite as impractical.
They have no economic surplus.
This metal was not discovered until 1600.
The landowners of the countryside were even worse.
Science could not, so science lost out.
Inside and under the staircase, chambers have been built.
The Pantheon was damaged by fire in the reign of Titus.
Sometimes the belfry was equipped with a bore.
Then, not yet thirty-three, he suddenly died of malaria.
It was made of cubes of stone, one cubit on a side.
The rope was pulled by means of a capstan or by a treadwheel.
Similar harbors were built elsewhere in the Mediterranean.
We may never know.
Nero was intensely serious about his own artistic ambitions.
He never wrote about it.
The land to be flooded was cut up by dikes.
The tower stood for fifteen hundred years, guiding ships to port.
Stone architraves joined these columns at the top.
The vested interests always won out.
They change their courses more often.
Therefore it was used only to face the most important buildings.
In 66 A.D., Nero made a grand tour of Greece.
Windows had long been closed by wooden shutters.
Most people would die sooner than think.
Nor are the surviving bridges in their original form.
But each rower pulled his own oar.
A serpent is stretched out guarding the temple.
So the architects put up temples.
He may even have become Plato's assistant.
All still stand except the bath.
They waxed rich and powerful.
The others probably all belong to the Christian era.
We do not know when and where the invention originated.
At Lyon the aqueduct crossed three valleys.
A Roman poet describes the procedure.
He would not have missed such a phenomenon for anything.
This idea seeped over the trade routes of Central Asia.
Slavery reached vast proportions.
They erected taller buildings and statues.
Spartacus' army escaped by filling up the ditch on a snowy night.
He also encouraged plays, concerts, and ballets.
Some were original with them.
It became usual to plow with horses.
Many of his devices are worked by siphons and air tubes.
All these hypotheses have their partisans.
Agrippa and Octavius became lifelong friends.
These wheels are not quite true ball and roller bearings.
Granite for the linings of chambers came from Swenet.
Athenaios used some of the same sources as Vitruvius.
The sluice gate at the upper end of the canal gave way.
Aristotle was strongest in biology, sociology, psychology, and logic.
Such drums are still used in Egypt.
King Ptolemaios' buyers scoured the Mediterranean for valued books.
Much later, tires of copper or bronze came into use.
Their temples were essentially Hellenistic post-and-lintel structures.
Few know about the remote predecessors of these modern engineers.
Herodotos also reported various stories told him by his guides.
The "earth" was the ores zinc carbonate and zinc silicate.
Faces took on realistic expressions.
At that point the population levels off.
Darius the Great treasured a brazen cup.
The other materials have almost completely disappeared.
His technical judgement seems to have been sound.
He cannot answer these questions.
It would be of bronze.
These notions can all be easily disposed of.
In A.D. 8, however, the canal went out of use for good.
The second tells of building materials.
Several horses in these reliefs have such knobs on their harness.
The Byzantine battleship was called a dromon.
Mount upon it and you will find the object sought.
The inventions on which civilization was founded tended to spread.
The last two are still in good condition.
Pliny accused him of avarice.
However, names of real alchemists also appear.
The pyramid was built in steps, battlement-wise.
First comes the task of preparing the ditches.
Therefore, these vehicles had to be manhandled around turns.
This was a city of many names.
But not for long.
The Egyptians did in truth know how to build dams.
The Assyrians also exploited a new military arm, horse cavalry.
The Dark Ages followed.
It formed part of the pump.
Trajan built a road in Arabia, from Aqabah to Bostra.
Herodotos has another tale to tell.
The sixteenth century marked the beginning of modern engineering.
All have been repeatedly repaired as they began to crack.
It was a land of rigid class lines not easily crossed.
They went up.
The purpose of these vaults is not known.
Thus came about the invention of arithmetic and writing.
Teeming multitudes toiled.
Hence they lavished vast sums on temples.
The other task to which running water was put was milling.
The victims were condemned malefactors and prisoners of war.
May your canal be filled with sand!
This cracking probably could not be helped.
It is visible a day's sail away.
They tried to modify the ox yoke to fit the horse.
This was a composite animal.
Some other cities had a similar system.
In 406 A.D., the Vandals burst into Gaul.
But they did not know how much greater.
These wars had made a shambles of the Empire.
The sole result was to replace one despot by another.
A king and his subjects had a common interest.
So the Princeps turned the edifice over to the state.
Before the ceremony, however, a minor mishap occurred.
A few scholars work at this task as time permits.
Horatius had to save himself by swimming.
Did they somehow get it from the same source?
The arms were pivoted as in the previous design.
It was probably towed about the lake.
Those who lived elsewhere did not.
The barbarians were advancing.
Some they took over from the Etruscans and improved.
Few men have affected the thought of the world more than Aristotle.
The light at Ostia had seven stories.
This implies that water wheels with paddles were known.
Infantry remained unimportant for nearly a thousand years.
If his explanation seems confused, blame him not.
Gerbert studied in Spain in his youth.
Famine still stalked the land at times.
Any historian of technology would agree with the first comment.
No one but a madman would sail to windward.
Certain Britons developed the extreme diffusionist or dispersionist theory.
In Herodotos' time the Memphis of the Greeks.
So armored, they set out.
By night it looks like a brilliant star.
The world witnessed a great "return to religion."
She came and ate me.
In A.D. 79, Vesuvius erupted.
These men lived by food-gathering.
The smaller ship had no apostes.
Vitruvius describes the pump.
There is, however, another side of the Assyrians.
The Patent Office issues about forty thousand patents every year.
This man burned the library of the Palatine Apollo.
They seem brilliant by comparison.
He was fat, asthmatic, and in his fifties.
His book on sphere making, now lost, described this orrery.
Inevitably, some inventors took their secrets to the grave.
In Roman times a better press appeared.
Today you can drive over the Old Appian Way.
Moreover, chemistry concerns the behavior of atoms and molecules.
The arena could be flooded for small sea battles.
They were gifted and energetic inventors and engineers.
The fifth describes public buildings of other kinds.
Book eight is on water supply: springs, aqueducts, wells, and cisterns.
He was, indeed, quite capable of it.
But it would take them many more man-hours to do so.
This was the ancient equivalent of a barbed-wire entanglement.
The modern domestic ass is descended from the smaller, African species.
However, there is no Aryan race.
The kings of Assyria, however, soon copied the Medes.
During the Punic Wars, this became a naval station.
Walls were made of brick.
His poetry is said to have been not bad.
All seemed lost.
The Egyptians had various methods of quarrying.
On the pedestal is mounted a detachable sighting table.
All these objects date approximately from Roman Imperial times.
Less than a century later, the Assyrians drove out the Kushites.
We have no dates.
These were then plastered over with clay or mud to form a wall.
The colonnade extended along the south side of the house.
There were no patent files.
Civilization owes its existence to the engineers.
The new cults grew swiftly.
Unlike volcanic rocks, it is not fire-resistant.
Engineering schools sprang up.
They have heard of James Watt and his steam engine.
He also maintained an army of robots.
Hence they rarely mixed them.
For instance, Phoenician art is of poor quality.
Each consisted of one or more semicircular arches of stone.
Stress analysis was undreamed of.
They lacked tongs and pulleys.
It had four main sources.
They could easily yoke a pair of oxen to a plow.
He also wrote a geometry book.
Drunkards reeled.
Time was told by a lamp.
They made but little use of the wheel.
Other ancient kings played rough but without such fiendish gusto.
How did they know it would not soon crumble?
Under heat it crumbles into powder.
It is useful where the stream is large but sluggish.
Plainly, Anonymus was a very ingenious man.
Such walls are called "cyclopean".
Pure science has advanced enormously in the last three centuries.
This is perilously steep for vehicles.
Egypt was a land of vast social distances.
But it may have a basis of truth.
He served as a cavalry officer in Germany.
Under the Republic this was a method of bidding for votes.
Its origin is much disputed.
Men live very similar lives in spite of geographical differences.
These slender columns were of more delicate form than was usual.
Sometimes they employed a battery of these swapes.
It was the largest single human construction of antiquity.
The Egyptians made enormous ropes of palm fiber or reed.
The Greeks called this land Mesopotamia.
Heron's best-known work is his Pneumatics.
This was an artificial hill.
Each wagon had four wheels.
This kept the road clean of mud.
Shipbuilding was only one of Archimedes' technical interests.
He would have had quite a surprise.
This seems logical, although there is little real evidence.
One of his hearers was a local magnate.
The front of the portico, at least, may be original.
It could be replaced by a water level.
A ball shall revolve on a pivot.
None of them had anything to do with alchemy.
One must infer their existence and behavior from other facts.
His mount began to fall.
His word was law.
Mariners know the fire and direct their course accordingly.
Invention is a worthy act.
There is no point in observing such delicate differences.
This was a steam-powered vacuum pump.
It consisted of two main parts.
Carthage had started as a Phoenician colony.
Straton did correct some of Aristotle's many blunders in physics.
Often one or more arches have been replaced.
They acquired helpers, messengers, bodyguards, and other servants.
The masses pursued bizarre fads and fashions.
It is called the Pomptine Marshes.
The first animal used for heavy pulling was the ox.
The other was to use fewer and larger arches.
The phalanx had this flexible system of subdivision, too.
The idea is there.
Consequently, their palaces were built in a mixed style.
For centuries it was the only structure of its kind in the world.
Another was an alloy of silver, arsenic, and sulfur.
Each chariot was drawn by a pair of onagers, Asiatic asses.
Some primitive inventions  are extremely ingenious.
To keep down pirates, triremes and biremes were adequate.
The march of technology made the city-state obsolete.
The Sarmatian invention changed all this.
They built roads, harbor works, aqueducts, temples, and forums.
Xerxes is also said to have demolished the temples.
The Mediterranean peoples were extraordinarily slow in adopting stirrups.
Thence it followed the Tyrrhenian coast to Capua, northeast of Naples.
In the physical sciences, Aristotle was much less successful.
I have told about his drainage of Lake Fucinus.
That was a lot of money in those days.
The sixth book tells about dwelling houses.
Roman engineering was mainly civil engineering.
I am a hero.
At night these doors were opened.
This pointer indicated hours, marked on a pillar.
In medieval times, buttressing was developed to an extraordinary degree.
It was also a despotism.
They combined these elements in an endless variety of ways.
According to Herodotos, it was a drawbridge.
The circuses were periodic public entertainments on a grand scale.
These were of many kinds.
One of the scenes shows the horse saddled.
The ship had a double bow, a double stern, and seven rams.
He likes to arrange things in his own original way.
Successive generations enlarged and improved this drain.
Many were carried off by Roman emperors.
The main idea of the device is old.
The atrium disappeared.
Presumably the friction gear came before the toothed gear.
We wasted a whole hour paying fares and harnessing the mule.
Memphis was as ancient to Herodotos as Herodotos is to us.
Roman roads, aqueducts, and harbors fell into ruin.
Trajan, a mighty builder, employed Apollodoros of Damascus as his architect.
They added paragraphs or whole books to them.
This is an exaggeration.
Government varied as power shuffled back and forth.
For stone, the Romans first made use of tufa.
The screw had been invented some time in 4 or 3 B.C.
During 1 A.D., glass windowpanes of the modern type appeared.
When the horse pulled hard, the strap choked it.
This was particularly true of temples.
But nobody else, including the two princely superintendents, did.
Copernicus only borrowed the idea eighteen hundred years later.
They called the place Heliopolis, the City of the Sun.
A pair of mighty crenelated walls protected this area also.
The advance of technology gives the best ground for belief in progress.
His date was long uncertain.
The pseudo-science of astrology flourished.
The general could only aim it and hope.
Both men were related to the royal family.
This temple housed an eighteen-foot golden statue of Marduk.
Nobody ever turned a solid gold chair leg on a lathe!
Eight fortified gates pierced the inner wall.
Another improvement in horse gear was the iron horseshoe.
Each band will produce one invention a century.
Many might shed light on medieval oriental science and engineering.
They spread along trade routes.
Many parts of the world seem bound in the other direction.
After Straton died, the Peripatetic school declined in importance.
This sobriquet has been inherited by the Pope.
The Hittite capital of Hattusas had one as early as 1200 B.C.
Wheat or barley grain had to be ground into flour.
Some of their arguments seem to be circular.
But slavery declined under the Empire.
They invented central indirect heating, or rather, they reinvented it.
Vaults and domes produce similar outward stresses.
The skipper sat in port until the wind blew the right way.
A house might be whitewashed.
Therefore much of the water was wasted.
But all was of no avail.
He begins with a discussion of theory.
The Burgundians came in, settled, and refused to leave.
The sarcophagus had a heavy stone lid.
They put a strap around the horse's neck.
The obligation, if any, was the other way round.
The traveler found himself in the paved Processional Way.
They did like to see the masses prosper and enjoy themselves.
The Spaniards did likewise when they reconquered Andalusia from the Moors.
In later times a wall of stone took its place.
At close quarters he fought with a two-foot broadsword.
Why did science and engineering stand still.
Hence it must have either long approaches or steep grades.
If you found it, what would you keep it in?
Our author does, however, make an interesting point.
Under him, the Empire reached its greatest extent.
It swept away part of the banquet.
So they called upon architects to build them palaces.
It finally fell.
It looked something like a large modern garden cart.
Recall that one already existed parallel to the Appian Way.
Otherwise there is no real history of his royal master.
Creation of this city entailed vast engineering works.
Red-maned yellow lions alternated with yellow-maned white lions.
The ninth deals in geometry, astronomy, and measuring.
His greatest contributions of all were in biology.
This was his own property.
They hitched it to a yoke.
Still technology advanced at a crawl.
The hull was sheathed in lead to discourage marine growths.
They were racially much like the modern Russians.
Science became superstition of the most idiotic sort.
Suppose that there are two bands of forty-five Americans.
Sovrans have often heeded such complaints.
If it is too gentle, weeds and silt block the channels.
Some of these materials continued in use for many centuries.
Hadrian was the mightiest builder of all.
There is no telling what an angry god might not do.
It was made entirely of stone and was nearly all underground.
Nineveh is laid waste.
Such a flywheel was found.
But this was the first use of metal for the purpose.
In A.D. 64, a conflagration burned the greater part of Rome.
The pyramids have long been a fertile source of pseudoscientific speculation.
Octavianus came into power as one of the Second Triumvirate.
The ox depends upon its horns for defense.
Specialization arose.
At a later date the Pharos was certainly used as a lighthouse.
The Greeks called this place Persepolis, meaning "Persian City."
Hence arose a new class of men.
This enormous pyramid measures seven hundred fifty-six feet square.
In the basement, Koldewey found a peculiar structure.
This was the largest war galley of all time.
He repaired the older aqueducts and built two new ones.
A small ram was simply a log carried by a number of men.
This he accomplished with great risk and effort.
He also devotes several chapters to catapults.
What the barbarians did not do, the Barberini have done.
The Romans also took great strides in house heating.
This error drove him to bankruptcy and suicide.
Earlier builders often used baked clay in thin slabs.
Magnifiers were also known though made little use of.
Nobody heeded the Roman Constitution any more.
Silt from these rivers has filled up the head of the gulf.
He had a mania for statues of himself.
It is boldly labeled.
One such non-Roman development was the wine press.
Forms of government went through their erratic cycles.
These could bear a man even when wearing armor.
Caesar built one--probably a pontoon bridge--across the Saone.
Here Aristotle began lecturing.
The Indians called it "the way of the fishes."
The Phoenicians also pioneered in large-scale manufacture.
He shows how they can be combined.
This was a mere foot or two thick and six feet high.
A likelier method is to build an artificial horizon.
Science flared up and guttered out.
It managed to keep going
Originally these were of wood.
The remaining one hundred and twenty-two columns are smaller.
Chariot races were staged in race courses.
You have to read some of the Dark Age literature.
Similar houses were built in Egypt.
Then Alexandria revolted against Caesar and Cleopatra.
Most of their foods cannot be stored.
Sorcerers conjured.
Hence the bottoms of these rivers rise faster.
Brass was an expensive ersatz gold.
Later engineers used rollers.
Khufu changed his mind twice during the construction.
They often drove piles to strengthen it.
Rome possessed abundant supplies of brick, stone, and timber.
Neither cared much about such mundane matters as technology.
They did try to make gold.
An arch does not press straight down upon the columns.
And down will come the whole structure.
They were probably paid in food, because money did not yet exist.
They fitted their saddles with a projection on each side.
The Sarmatians were quick to exploit this new device.
They were organized in gangs.
In any case, the Persians discovered the plot and killed Hermias.
Two or four men worked the pump handles.
When he looks about at Nero's world, what sees he?
It also presses outwards.
Hence our knowledge of ancient times is very spotty.
But perhaps the arsonists were merely slaves.
From the Egyptians' point of view, this was logical.
One Indo-European tribe, the Medes, settled in western Iran.
The minor streets of Babylon were probably a tangle of alleys.
So far have we come.
Egypt recovered its unity and independence.
He took prompt and vigorous action to succor the people.
His flagship was a decireme or tenner.
Several wheel-shaped devices were developed for hoisting water.
The Romans, too, sought greater security for the rider.
Others were given away to foreigners.
Elsewhere they were made of stone.
Heron's Mechanics is mainly concerned with mechanical advantage.
Seneca was a bit of a windbag.
The Mesopotamians used a swape like that of Egypt.
To them there was just one science.
Not yet satisfied, Orata applied his invention to human comfort.
The unit used in measuring water was a calix.
A king with any brains tries to make his people prosper.
Its back rises to a hump over its shoulders.
They spoke a language very similar to Hebrew.
The engineers of the Renaissance studied Heron with lively interest.
I slowly tore off his skin.
This is the fall of classical science.
You don't understand these matters.
Almost any ship can sail at a right angle to the wind.
He built a bath and other structures at Antioch.
This aqueduct was four times as long as the Appia.
Their differences were soon patched up.
Not all the stones had their long axes parallel.
Although the hulls were sound, the superstructures had collapsed.
The alchemists were not after vulgar gold at all.
For most of the distance, the canal was quite feasible.
Concrete was used as little more than a superior mortar.
Primitive people regard inventors with glowering suspicion.
In the midst of the city rose the citadel.
It has holes around the outside to let water in.
So the king deeded lands for temples to the god.
Constant repairs are therefore needed.
For the answers, the world had to wait for Galileo.
It has leaped ahead in sudden spurts.
A thousand years ago, our ancestors were small, apelike primates.
Its magical content became larger.
Soon, however, the revolting slaves were destroyed.
The Persian sent his best general.
The monk Placidus fell into a lake.
About 3 B.C., Roman builders made an important discovery.
Some sought the alkahest or universal solvent.
As engineering achievements, the pyramids are quite remarkable.
No surviving ancient writings describe the arrangement.
Iraq remained under Mongol rule for about a century.
The voters had to gather together to vote in person.
All these arches, domes, and vaults posed an additional problem.
They took over the rule of the lands they occupied.
It included Syria and Phoenicia as well.
Every man could worship freely.
Nature comes to their assistance.
The intrepid De Marchi had a difficult time.
Advances during the next few centuries were few and modest.
Then came a layer of rolled sand concrete.
In fact, a dome need not be completed all the way up.
Four thousand men rowed it.
Other types of dwelling house evolved.
They were not rediscovered until 1444.
The legionaries were often kept busy on public works.
Several chapters describe mechanical wash basins.
An earlier and even more legendary king had built it.
Hence the number of slaves declined.
You've got three hundred on board, now.
There were several kinds.
Young Agrippa, now praetor, won victories in Gaul and Germany.
The Etruscans, for instance, may have invented the candle.
These glass-making techniques were brought to Italy.
A relief on Trajan's column shows this bridge.
Agrippa went on to Spain, crushed rebellious tribes, and built roads.
They sometimes presumed too far on their freedom of speech.
I am powerful.
A beast of burden pushed it from behind.
The battle of Lake Ticinus began as a cavalry skirmish.
Crank motion first appeared in querns.
Some of these treatises were revised by later writers.
This invention in turn led to the discovery of alcohol.
Watt made a portentous discovery.
Opening a temple door makes a trumpet toot.
Permanent villages took the place of temporary campsites.
Vaulted halls did not have to be single semicylindrical structures.
Then the columns vanished from around the peristyle.
He built a water clock and an organ.
There are many cases of worldwide diffusion of an invention.
Nero massacred numbers of Christians as punishment.
Sometimes oxen were used instead of men.
Naturally, the archives went up in smoke, too.
The choice depended upon the likelihood of attack.
This was a remarkable piece of construction for its time.
Plays were given in semicircular theaters of the Greek type.
This nameless writer is an interesting character.
Closely connected with the Library was the museum.
These people never had the stirrup.
The other capitals, however, continued as great cities.
Finally the peristyle itself dwindled and disappeared.
Excellent roads were also extended into the provinces.
The Roman countryfolk stampeded into the city.
The monk Maurus rescued him.
Prophets ranted.
This was the famous Lighthouse of Alexandria.
History should be deemed merely the history of technology.
It has now regained its old Semitic name.
Its obscurity became more opaque.
The "certain earth" was not metallic zinc.
It's denarii to doughnuts that the boy was simply scared.
Moreover, they all require care and feeding.
The Romans adopted this saddle in late Imperial times.
Invention progressed with glacial slowness.
He looked the part, too.
On each platform he erected a mast and a hoist.
Why did the Romans build so many aqueducts.
A bad emperor might be better than none at all.
This animal did not prove well suited to domestication.
Some of these works have disappeared in the original Greek.
The principal problem, of course, was the barbarians.
The ship would need a beam of something like one hundred thirty feet.
Ninety-three days of the year were given over to spectacles.
Many have never been published in European languages.
It consisted of two parallel arcades with a space between them.
You don't know Roman poets.
The Babylonian irrigation inspector was such an expert.
His Majesty found me a common builder.
A duplicate key was called an "adulterous" key.
Aristotle prudently retired to his home, where he soon died.
Each progresses at the same rate as before.
It takes trial and error to get such inferences right.
These standards could probably be compared with our own.
The juice was squeezed from grapes by trampling them.
When the star sets, he causes another mark to be made.
Such a wall was more trouble to put together.
Thus the horsemen spread their speech from Portugal to Bengal.
There was no central government.
His coverage is enormous but very superficial.
But Polybios' dryly sober account is the more plausible.
But this Roman theory did not work.
Roman stone bridges were all built on one simple plan.
When the water had all run out, time was up.
The ribbing of columns indicates bunches of slender stems lashed together.
It was employed in Paris as late as the 1850s.
A small branch of the Nile emptied into the sea.
As things turned out, the pyramids were not all wasted effort.
He received an astonishing answer.
The proposals of Anonymus fell on deaf ears.
This is said to be harmful to the human body.
Nowadays people are no longer slain for religious heresy.
Good gods, what poor slaves were there.
They were learning the Roman arts of peace and war.
Place a cauldron over a fire.
Lake and dam are both still in use for local irrigation.
The relief is too small to be sure.
Of Nebuchanezzar's pleasure dome, only the basement survives.
She had Narcissus jailed.
Hence the water rushes under the bridge with augmented speed.
On the other hand, forced labor was common.
Greek culture influenced the orientals.
This revolution was described as the downfall of civilization.
We can hail him as the inventor of the paddle wheel.
The story of civilization is the story of engineering.
On his left stood apartment houses up to four stories high.
The makers began by digging a trench several feet deep.
Although he destroyed them, he brought the secret back to Assyria.
It still bears the inscription.
These inventions did not spread out evenly in all directions.
What have I done?
Politicians plotted.
He applies the law of the lever to the oars of galleys.
Many of his proposals would not work in practice.
They are worked with rods and levers.
It had a hard shell surrounding a soft interior.
He also wrote a book.
A whim or capstan works the wheel in an endless rotation.
This nonsense can go on forever.
In the late Empire, builders used mixed constructions.
One was to cut notches in the rock along the line of fracture.
Nero mobilized thousands of convicts to do the work.
It is very useful.
These kings put up similar buildings elsewhere.
Women, poor men, and slaves did not count.
Christianity had only local influence through its first three centuries.
Credulity they redefined as "faith," and fanaticism as "zeal."
This is of course nonsense.
This is all right where the river flows between high banks.
Few of the poets or their admirers had been there.
Probably our author's wheels were smooth.
None of the other pyramids is oriented so closely.
It could hardly be recognized as a science at all.
The new warship came to be known as a bireme.
Everywhere princes preened.
The favorite type was the Liburnian.
He argued that the earth is at the center of the universe.
He called upon the tributary Phoenician cities for ships.
It was whispered that he had studied necromancy.
The Successors and their descendants fought many wars.
He also spread a banquet near the outflow of the tunnel.
They were considered lavish in austere Republican Rome.
None could have worked a pump or turned a millstone.
He therefore does as little as he possibly can.
Then the victorious Romans took it to Rome as a trophy.
He provides a second windlass to make this easy.
It was already dawn before we noticed that the craft was not moving.
She always follows the same course without deviation.
It helped to spread and dignify astrology.
This part could be removed.
The ox holds its head low.
One cure is to make the walls thicker.
Parts of some roads still remain in their original condition.
He has also weighed fuel before and after burning.
We cannot tell what improvements, if any, he effected.
Babylon gave up with only token resistance.
But these were mere tracks.
Therefore, the bottom in this part builds up higher and higher.
They built more sumptuous temples and palaces.
This was like the ram except that it had a sharp spearlike head.
He could have fought to the death, couldn't he?
The old terms for wall construction took on new meanings.
Each man still pulled his own oar.
Towers rose at intervals from these walls.
It carried water from the Anio, a tributary of the Tiber.
Discipline was harsh.
The bridge crashed down.
These last, we still have with us.
Locks of this Roman type are still used in Arabia.
Central Italy also has a number of lakes without outlets.
They buried the nails in a pit, which they carefully hid.
Therefore, most ancient sailing was done before the wind.
There was nothing new about these.
Classical scientists had no urge to invent these gadgets themselves.
Sometimes they were driven back.
Even the scholarly emperor Claudius was an avid gladiatorial fan.
This was evidently a fortress or keep for a last-ditch stand.
So the ruins remained much as Alexander left them.
All was well.
It was covered with mortar or plaster.
Now we come to an invention of even more moment.
By day one can perceive its smoke.
Hence it was long regarded as a precious metal.
He was the first encyclopedist.
The thick parts between the recesses are called buttresses.
Then they diverge for another three hundred miles.
Human expediency is always changing.
We hear much about mighty kings and heroic warriors.
He collected facts as a magpie does nest ornaments.
The temple is now known as the Square House.
Harvesting was done with a kind of header.
They were stopped by strong natural barriers.
This is a hard, handsome limestone.
One was the intense summer heat of the region.
For centuries, paving seems to have been confined to processional ways.
Burning glass had been known since 5 B.C.
The end of this fruition of engineering is nowhere in sight.
The drudgery of the farm replaced the thrill of the hunt.
About seventy pyramids dotted the land of Khem.
They are by no means considered strangers to mechanical inventiveness.
Still, his heart was in the right place.
Goods and gifted men poured into Rome.
Inside the cylinder was a rusted iron rod.
Some were plain fakers and swindlers.
Until recent centuries it was not even scientific.
A sail of this type is called a short-luffed lug.
But screws were never very common in antiquity.
I fed their corpses to dogs, pigs, and vultures.
They used wood, stone, clay, mortar, mud and baked brick.
Engineering was not dead.
Trick pitchers pour wine, water, or a mixture of the two.
Writing was done on the surfaces of some local material.
Nobody knows where the Etruscans came from.
A babel of voices arose.
Nearly all Romans enjoyed this good, red-blooded sport.
The Bible calls this ziggurat the Tower of Babel.
They are still made in Iraq today.
Some said that these were Nero's agents, but this is unlikely.
Eyes agleam with avarice, the Caliph set his men to demolishing it.
Builders had experimented with mortars and plasters for many centuries.
Sometimes they carried off waters used in religious rites.
The rooms formed a hollow square.
The engineers went ahead with raising their city walls.
They were ostentatious displays of royal power.
He wrote a treatise on the abacus.
I found everybody sad and despondent.
Slaves shirked.
This barrier isolated sub-Saharan Africa.
The genius who invented the safety pin lies wholly forgotten.
The first engineers were irrigators, architects, and military engineers.
Trajan reduced this to sixty for greater safety.
Irrigation was less important.
Vitruvius describes the geared mill.
Phoenician shipwrights also advanced the art of shipbuilding.
It seemed more worth while.
The history of the rotary hand mill is very obscure.
Ships split into two types:  the war galley and the merchantmen.
The first improvement was a harness with a breast strap.
Plumb lines made it possible to level the instrument.
Rulers of ancient empires built roads.
Two things distinguished our ancestors from modern apes.
I am omnipotent.
Armored cavalry became the mainstay of all western armies.
Instead, their engineers threw bridges across the rivers.
We know a lot about them.
All ships had one single rectangular "square" sail.
Others blamed the Christians.
Everybody has heard of Julius Caesar.
Windows were often barred by a grille or shutter of brick.
Inside was a cylinder of thin copper, closed by an asphalt plug.
The contractor and his assistants had made blunder upon blunder.
Progress in civilization depends upon invention.
Flood problems were more acute in Mesopotamia than in Egypt.
It is also swifter and more unpredictable.
The ancients drew no such distinction.
All are carved with reliefs and inscriptions.
Infantry could walk over the jugs without effect.
Here stood palaces, barracks, and administrative offices.
They had no tools of any metal but copper.
The bow reached the Americas from Asia.
Their cities were famed for the stoutness of their fortifications.
The outer surface was made of plates of bronze.
Wood rots and splits.
It was also known as the City of the White Castle.
The true secrets of the ancients' engineering triumphs were three.
The superstructure was of timber.
Many had been Christianized.
Stone and wood are both suitable for the post-and-lintel.
They chose an ancient Syro-Phoenician religious center.
Augustus scotched this extreme form of private enterprise.
They blame the prevalence of slavery.
Civilization had little effect on northern Europe and northern Asia.
This is the first mention of a windmill.
The outer scale listed the signs of the zodiac.
Roman bricks came in many shapes and sizes.
Let the ball contain two bent pipes.
Door locks also approached the modern type.
This serum will help your body produce the right antibodies.
Activation of the reaction caused the accident.
Swans fly through the sky in graceful vees.
She won a blue ribbon at the county fair.
Athletic events jam the TV on Saturday afternoons.
Aparteid is a policy that should be abolished.
That elk has a nice set of antlers.
Alphonse will administer the punishment.
Aviation is an exciting field for many young people.
Animals readily adapt to their surroundings.
Stan's assumptions are usually wrong.
They are adaptable.
Joyce's goiter took a turn for the worse in June.
The handsome wool jacket was an oxford gray.
Arrowroot is an edible aquatic plant.
Most live in abject poverty.
Their affection for each other is obvious.
Beechwood and Edgewood are both suburbs of Detroit.
This is an auspicious occasion.
Sally was abashed by Harvey's statement.
When I was young, I used to look for arrowheads.
Morton will authenticate these antiques.
Does this gasoline have an antiknock ingredient?
Blackbeard seized the English admiral's flag ship.
Put the dough out to rise before the pizza orders flow in.
Acetone is a dangerous solvent.
Charley's abhorrence was obvious.
John's success is largely attributable to persistence.
Sheryl found a nice assortment of furniture in the new showroom.
Aerothermodynamics is a new and exciting field.
The thieves used an acetylene torch to cut into the vault.
Dick's wife bought him a new attache case.
The frozen spud failed to sprout.
While you were away, we opened the package.
This shop sells the latest in audio equipment.
Jim had a good time downtown yesterday.
He has arisen.
The light plane left the aerodrome over an hour ago.
The judge enjoyed his leisure time.
Many Austroasiatic people have settled here.
The youngsters enjoy every hour of drama.
Let's see how accurately you can do this.
The plumber unclogged the drain for the innkeeper.
The grape arbor was smashed by the last storm.
Arthur's accomplice was never apprehended.
The field of avionics has begun to appeal to women.
The tiny Pacific atoll was used to test early hydrogen bombs.
With hard work, you can actualize your potential.
Limestone, marble, and chalk are all forms of calcium carbonate.
We found Hugh astraddle the horse.
Argon is a gas.
With advancing age, some atrophy is normal.
Why undo all my output?
The journalists from the Times interviewed Guy.
The Norton Anthology is the most popular first year textbook.
He had a deep gouge over his left eye.
Apricot pits contain a drug that has been used to treat cancer.
The day of atonement is at hand.
The curve asymptotes right here.
The people pursued an agrarian economy, farming their rich interior plains.
A boa will not bite unless you bait him.
The thirsty girl rehearsed her lines.
The sound of the horses' hooves thundered through the evening silence.
Astrophotography would be an interesting career.
My insurance adjuster will take care of this.
Horace is the typical absentminded professor.
Bobby burned his elbow on the copper kettle of porridge.
Shirley is the zaniest violinist in Ashland.
To what do you ascribe his genius?
Please attend the next meeting of Alcoholics Anonymous.
The scout watched the sky for smoke signals.
This poodle chases cats and chews on our best furniture.
Harold is an aeronautical engineer.
Bob's performance was abysmal.
The owl swooped down upon the mouse.
The post-nestling stage is the fledgling.
Many phenomena of hypnosis are the result of dissociation.
They decided to round up all the stray asses.
Metallic salts, dilute acids, and hypertonic solutions are astringents.
Herschel's visa for South Africa has yet to be approved.
There are many acne creams in the pharmacy.
The IOU was due yesterday at eight.
His ascent was unusually rapid.
Brutus plowed the field while Gabe planted the squash and potatoes.
Please don't beat the child for kicking the cat.
Thanksgiving symbolizes the fall harvest feast here in the U.S.
Antrax is still a problem for cattlemen in some areas.
Allen's clothes looked atrocious.
Rabbits abound in these woods.
The old woman rocked away the hours.
All mammals possess the scapula, but not all have a clavicle bone.
Aaron was taken aback by that statement.
They found a number of interesting artifacts.
Gale's goals may not be attainable.
The detective apprehended the criminal in record time.
Sue will ad lib her part.
The adoption went through without a hitch.
Go away after the orchestra gets through Aida.
Park the cab in the carport and pick up Jan's baggage.
He is too argumentative for his own good.
His apparel is very appealing.
Rusty does not like abstract art.
Did the supply package to Zimbabwe include scalpels?
Dip the gold chain in the jewelry cleaner.
Zanzibar is a lovely island off the coast of Africa.
Try iodine on the boy's cut.
Curt was gentle as he extracted one of my bicuspids.
The architect will be here tomorrow.
Fred's search for salvation sent him to Zen philosophy.
Edward was adrift in his small raft for seven days.
This is an absolute absurdity.
Children often have articulatory problems till about age seven.
The rebels decided to avenge the loss of their leader.
Is the piano easier than the violin?
The thrush constructs her nest from feathers and pieces of fluff.
How about an allowance every other week?
Amharas predominate, but other ethnic groups are also represented.
Adam is adept at checkers.
Rudy was an accessory to the crime.
The gardener kept the grounds looking superb.
This season is only open for antlered deer.
Hubert is having an affair with his partner's wife.
A shop in town sells all kinds of copper coins.
The coroner will perform the autopsy tomorrow.
Her bountiful goodness inspired us all.
I am amused at the cowboy's style.
Please don't drop the plaque because it could break.
He was covered with soot from head to foot.
The shifty huckster fleeced his hapless victim.
That sure was an asinine statement.
Antique auctions are interesting events.
The audacious young man strode to the podium.
He ought to let the pup gnaw on the raw apple.
A deathly hush fell over the square.
Stanley is the activator in our group.
The new astrodome will be ready for use in the next couple of months.
The avuncular gentleman played with the children for several hours.
May I ask where the show-off put my only extra umbrella.
Gerard advocates getting involved in your child's education.
Horatio's affiliation with this organization has been terminated.
I ought to show only the area of the slow oil leak.
Argyle socks were very popular last year.
How easy our essay ought to be again!
The czars only foible was his thirst for sweet wine.
Few people are interested in acrobatics anymore.
Everyone prefers geometry over algebra any old day.
Homer described the aegis as a shaggy breastplate bordered with serpents.
Louis abdicated after much deliberation.
How aimlessly you eyed the toy engine.
Eunice is an adventuresome young woman.
The photograph proved he was guilty.
Anne is abler than her sister.
The mafia is averse to publicity.
The guest speaker was not audible in the back of the auditorium.
Carol was forced to abdicate his rights to the throne.
The abbot was nowhere to be found.
The bullet punctured an artery.
Steve and Bev adore each other.
Edwin and Maud Cowper are identical twins.
Ancient civilizations are most visible through their artifacts.
Jane chugged her beer before passing out.
Cheech and Chong have unusual voices.
Use the oil in the gray can to fix the axle.
The acrobat walked the tightrope.
Toast and jam tastes good for breakfast.
Clean the tub with a brush and some scouring powder.
A new antenna actually offers better reception.
Ellen's attributes are too numerous to itemize.
Atheism has gained ground in recent years.
Awhile ago, we knew very little.
Few buildings are accessible to handicapped people.
Russel's adoptive parents were gentle people.
Chester daubed the couch with cream-colored paint.
The duelist stood athwart his victim.
Autism doesn't usually show up till around age two or three.
Deer and other wild animals subsist on acorns and bark during the winter.
The bureau of statistics provides accurate figures.
Steve has a large world atlas on his desk.
Where in the world is the Fountain of Youth?
The auctioneer accepted the bid.
Pooh Bear chatted with Tootsie about books and other inconsequential things.
Stratford awoke before sunrise in order to get an early start.
The long fledgling period runs from twelve to fifteen weeks.
The acidity of many small lakes has risen to dangerous levels.
A Goodyear atlas is the best type of book to help with homework.
This revelation will astound Leo.
She'll choose whomever the association approves.
The night sky was ablaze with billions of stars.
Put the sample in the autoclave.
The abolition of slavery came much too late for many.
She was an American historian and diplomat.
James is an avid sportsman.
Anna offered to auction off the olive Afghan.
Dirk choked on the dry T-bone steak.
Throw algebra out or reevaluate your curriculum.
His spouse toiled over the doilies for days.
Please check the archives next time.
The top candidate was Bill Taylor.
Dave's pup was killed by the speeding car.
Pay a fee to see a play on broadway.
German chocolate and spun sugar are Steve's favorites.
Shoofly pie is a specialty of the Dutch of Pennsylvania.
Fred always responds well in the face of adversity.
Comets with hyperbolic or parabolic orbits pass near the Sun only once.
This expressive quality is found in figurative art of the period.
Anthropologists have found many australopithecine skulls around here.
The angry crowd pushed open the doors.
Keep the tweed coat in Kirk's garment bag.
Christ's apostles were often abused by the authorities.
Schuster hoisted the heavy hose to his shoulder.
That dress accentuate's her figure.
Treasure hunts make me vomit.
I studied archeology for three years.
The gooey candy stuck to Glenn's tooth.
Astrophysics is a challenging field.
Iris has an affinity for strawberries and cream.
He left them with a reason to believe in themselves.
Arsenic has historically been a popular poison.
The aspens were quaking in the wind.
Ricky is an adorable little boy.
The addict was addicted to heroin.
Chuck shrugged as his truck squeaked to a stop.
They toiled in the fields all day long.
They tended to be very ethnocentric.
Nicotine addiction is difficult to overcome.
Closure regions cause confusion.
People who abuse their children should be shot.
A Schick shaver is best for removing facial hair.
My extremely oily hair now appalls me.
Monarchs began to amass vast manors, as did the church.
Put the jam in the cupboard.
Water is an aqueous solution.
The sheaves of wheat stood as sentinels in the snowy fields.
James just doodles awkward sketches in art class.
Ron lived less than a block from the asylum.
Many men became shamans through the use of hallucinogenic drugs.
A gust of wind made the wood chips tumble upwards.
Heath is a shrub that thrives in the Scottish highlands.
He gouged the jester.
Too much acceleration will wear it out before its time.
The insurance adjuster assessed the damage from the hurricane.
Stick a pin in the balloon and it will burst.
The trap door popped open knocking Betty down.
The applause was deafening.
They often shelter in aardvark burrows and travel in small groups.
These features are acoustically motivated.
The sauerkraut boiled till it burned.
This car is aerodynamically sound.
The accordion is not a popular musical instrument anymore.
Sandra was awestruck.
Frieda was advised to stay home.
Pick and choose the best king crabs for dinner tonight.
Many Asians live in this part of the country.
A loud alarm can be an eye-opener.
My accountant will do my taxes this year.
It was all askew when I arrived.
Sunshine sparkles on freshly fallen snow.
I have a lot of admiration for Phillip's ability.
The sound of the artillery was deafening.
Bruce's grades will be adjusted automatically.
The yellow rose is the most beautiful of all flowers.
Asparagus is high in B vitamins.
His father sold the vase before they realized its value.
A cooked yam is a tasty sweet potato.
The gum was stuck to the armrest.
The aroma of the stew aroused my appetite.
Joe stuffed the crepes with juicy berry filling.
Hiawatha was so pious, it nauseated him.
So what can we ascertain from this evidence?
Gophers are tearing up Bob's garden again.
Harv was too accusative.
Robbie's parents admonished him for breaking the vase.
Pound this iron on the anvil.
Olga spilt milk on her special purple gown.
Get out before it's too late.
Avery is awaiting authentication of his find.
He has committed adultery for the last time.
Various conditions can cause goiter, an enlargement of the thyroid gland.
He recorded a new album with his younger partner.
The football coach always wore goggles.
When that goop is gone, go to the stockroom for more.
Japanese teachers are better trained than their Chinese counterparts.
Joyce didn't want Boyd to know about her worst foibles.
"Aesop's Fables" is still one of the most popular children's books.
Astrology is not an empirical science.
He uses too many archaic words.
My aunt has arthritis.
The freezer always thaws the food.
The suicidal teenager slashed her wrist with a shard of glass.
Standard croquet equipment comprises one peg and six wire wickets.
Who is the addressee?
Scott scratched his skis traversing the stream.
The foul ball sailed over the stadium roof.
Steve is very acrobatic.
Every first child gets everything he wants.
Pete became the grooviest piccolo player in Princeton.
We will abstain from this vote.
Arithmetic is a popular subject these days.
The bull chased the clown from the arena.
Frederick doesn't like to camp in adverse weather.
They were the worst raw oysters they ever ate.
This giant skull was discovered near that jawbone.
The door was adorned with a holly wreath.
Lesser tonnages might dictate either a "punch" underground mine or augering.
He injured his foot when he slid home.
Armageddon will arrive before we are prepared.
These avant-garde works are unusual.
The autumnal splendor of the mountains inspired the author.
The attrition rate at this university is high among first-year students.
Energy enters the cycle when the transport protein reacts with ATP.
Jack performed admirably despite his lack of practice.
Outside, the nights are only colder.
Mia is making a fondue in her new Amana oven.
The theft of the silver sousaphone had the sheriff baffled.
It was an awesome sight.
She has a twenty percent hearing loss.
The sergeant shoved the volunteers to the front.
I need an antacid tablet.
We will have to deal with the aristocracy soon.
Asiatic flu is on the way.
The central plateau is arid;  precipitation increases toward the coasts.
Wanda decided to have a professional look at her abscess.
Much praise accrued for his efforts.
These are not authentic.
We adhere to very strict principles here.
This cold spell will destroy the barley that was just planted.
Dee bought a pound of cheese for the kids' lunches.
Cleopatra was bitten by an asp.
Please authorize these expenditures.
Some tall, jowley guy stole the pie with the poison in it.
The little pooch wagged his tail.
There are many authoritarian regimes in Central America.
Wayne's broken arm began to atrophy.
Ben and Allison enjoy the aviary.
This is an abridged version.
The child lured the rabbit into the cage.
This is not acceptable.
The girl put grape jelly on her piece of pumpernickel rye.
The calf was found in the arroyo.
Pregnancy termination is an act with ethical and legal ramifications.
Raw eggs in the afternoon make Dottie ill.
The mazurkas were played with verve and enthusiasm.
My only employee is Eddie Edwards.
The assayer confirmed the richness of our ore sample.
My apprentice is a likable fellow.
Sea otters crack abalone on their tummies.
Parents should avail themselves of our services.
Most people respond at least mildly to hypnosis.
Australia is a wonderful country to visit.
The science of aerodynamics is gaining in popularity.
Please append this note to your file.
There are too many academicians working on this project.
Athletics is an important component of our curriculum.
Being dieters, they ate ochra often.
Most herbs are very aromatic.
These exercises are aerobically sound.
Thoughtful viewers like those types of shows.
Practice the minuet during the piano hour.
Thoughts of thugs flush the faint-hearted.
Audacity is not always a good trait.
The acacia trees are in full bloom.
The accommodations were spartan.
A buoy is a floating device fixed by an anchor.
Let's not assist them yet.
No snow accumulated last night.
Everyone proved to be a spy, a spook, or a stool pigeon.
The Arabs control most of the world's petroleum.
The Apollo missions were among our most successful space efforts.
The language is not closely akin to any surviving Indo-European dialect.
His assertion was patently false.
Put the damp towel over your head for protection.
The adder is a poisonous reptile.
Some of the adipose tissue will have to be removed.
There is no speed limit on the autobahn.
This is an ad hoc solution.
No one aroused his curiosity like Eunice.
Let's have the artichoke salad.
The Dodgers beat the Tigers by a wide margin.
Jason's attire is rather shabby today.
The thief dropped his flashlight out of nervousness.
They enjoyed the hot clam chowder.
Scot spoke glibly about high technology.
Manuel said "adios" when he left.
Justin was absolved of all responsibility for the misdemeanor.
Anteaters live in the southwestern United States.
Abraham is an abrasive individual.
Athena sprang from the head of Zeus.
The availability of some items is always questionable.
The cop gave Joe a ticket for jay-walking.
The etching was ineptly done on badly chosen paper.
Potatoes au gratin is my favorite dish.
Abbreviations are not acceptable in this type of report.
Tobey caught a tadpole and a toad down by the creek.
The streets were awash in flames.
This soy sauce has no artificial ingredients or preservatives.
The old hound was unenthused at the sight of the cat.
Throw any old socks away over there.
Harris had his adenoids removed yesterday.
The adoration was evident in his gaze.
Joseph usually avoids the pistachio fudge.
Robby is not accountable for his actions.
That pine has grown appreciably in the last year.
James will appear before the Admiralty tomorrow.
Appendectomies are routine operations these days.
Roy ought to outlaw odious characters.
Its titles include "Compute".
Take Cloey to the show.
Go down to the train station and get Charles.
Please remember to speak audibly.
Fewer than one thousand votes were needed to defeat the charismatic judge.
Most of his ideas are hopelessly antiquated.
Gerald reads autobiographies.
Persuasion is the art of swaying the sure.
Renfrew was an abolitionist.
Let's get this boat ashore before the typhoon.
My auto is OK in town.
Say 'ego' again.
You will receive few accolades for your work.
The advisory committee will meet tomorrow at three pm.
The amoeba either eats or procreates.
The unusual painting was strangely asymmetrical.
That idiot broke the antenna off my car.
The treasure was found behind the garage door.
The advent of equal rights has altered our society.
Archery is a popular sport among the rich.
The hoodlum was full of malice.
I hope to become acquainted with the problem soon.
The toy jeep rolled under the bushes.
It is just an affectation.
Sharon augmented her diet with fruits and vegetables.
Sophisticated shysters vie for foolish souls.
His admission was thrown out as inadmissible.
They are too autonomous.
Trouble awaited the boys in the deep, dark tunnel.
We enjoyed the aerobatics at the air show.
They applauded for several minutes.
The geyser in the desert gushed water.
Camber influences a vehicle's response to side forces in turning.
May I accompany you?
Fabian beat Fay yesterday.
Rouge has been used throughout the ages.
Afghanistan is dominated by rugged mountains and arid plains.
Why not make a white oak chair?
Kansas is the armpit of the plains.
Kalua and cream made Lisa and Maria awfully awkward.
Adaptability is an important characteristic of certain animals.
Strawberries are in abundance this year.
Absenteeism is a major problem for some companies.
Susie wears a size five in socks.
Mr. Sanchez will adjudicate this case.
Go iceskating and build a bon fire beneath all the swaying trees.
Abdominal injuries can be very serious.
Louis would like to become an astrophysicist.
We arranged to look at the young animal.
Janet bought a new atomizer.
Hester is an aesthete.
Randalph's accompanist lacked his skill and enthusiasm.
Julie hooked a giant of a fish yesterday.
The bad boy tipped over the cookie jar in the kitchen.
Randy would like to become an acrobat.
A fuse shattered and the huge house was left in shadows.
Harry has visited the abbey several times.
Joe gagged on the stout gravy.
She needs a new applicator.
His apprenticeship will be appropriate.
Ascorbic acid is vitamin C.
Gerald is our advocate right now.
Evan is an adventurer.
Paramesia oozed by our microscope lens.
Mr. Berg scolded the girl for dabbling in the paint.
If it never rained, we'd never grow.
The storm didn't abate.
Acid rain acidifies small lakes and kills some types of plants.
His abortive attempt was ill-timed.
Acquisition of the rights to that book are important.
Julie is an able administrator.
Abortion is a controversial issue in this campaign.
She grew ochra over yonder.
One superfamily is short-horned grasshoppers, which include the locusts.
Armadillos live in the southwest.
Should we rehearse the third scene again?
Charles is the ablest of the three siblings.
Few immigrants readily assimilate.
Make sure the auxiliary system is operational.
There was little accumulation.
We will need an affidavit.
My uncle is looking for more acreage.
The surgeon worked on his blocked aorta.
Matter and antimatter cannot coexist.
Calcium carbonate is practically insoluble in water.
They averted their gazes.
You have a choice between sukiyaki, chop suey, or chow mein.
The Spanish Armada sailed for England.
We were not accustomed to such rude treatment.
No aching back ever kept a compulsive buyer from enjoying a sale.
Arrogance will not get you elected.
We are in the archdiocese of Cleveland.
She coyly kissed her boyfriend.
He created solid, geometrically stylized figurative sculpture.
They marched down the street two abreast.
The sprinter tore his Achilles tendon in practice.
It's an acronym.
Are you aware of the good things in life?
Unfortunately, the accident was not avoidable.
Adolf has acknowledged Sharon's superior qualifications.
Fluvial deposition of solid sediment occurs when currents slacken.
The accuser will please rise and face the accused.
Acupuncture has become popular as a cure for some ailments.
There is too much child abuse in our society.
The avocet is a wading bird.
He bought a new clock at the Tick-Tock Shop.
Dr. Stenson will speak on standard cures for goiter.
The apaches were finally defeated toward the end of the last century.
Teach Peg how to cope with drug addicts.
Paul chose the juiciest peach from the bushel.
This is arguably the best meal I have ever eaten.
Unsupervised children sometimes go astray.
Please cook up a big batch of corn for Grandad.
The robot was programmed to clean house.
Annoying a wild boar is insane.
Babe has no avocation.
The adz is an ancient tool for working wood.
Mother fixed the thatch roof before the thunder and hail struck.
This tradition reached its apogee during the T'ang Dynasty.
This is an adverbial clause.
George is an aviator.
Always look before you leap.
I am relieved to see that we are in accord on this matter.
Scrod swim off cold shores.
There is an asteroid belt just beyond the orbit of Mars.
The acoustic ambiance of this room is remarkable.
Few people know our national anthem anymore.
Prolonged exposure to asbestos can cause asbestosis.
Alice's foot rests too heavily on the accelerator.
It was an abomination.
The archbishop will dedicate this statue.
Acclimation takes time.
This fruit is too acidic for my taste.
The girl had a collection of wooden dolls.
George and Faye are very fond of faraway vacations.
Jumbo burgers with lettuce and tomatoes are quite popular these days.
The visual acuity of hawks is very sharp.
Richard is an astute judge of character.
Wait till it reaches its apogee.
His goals are usually achievable.
Discussion of Zionism caused him to suffer from ulcers.
Flour is a food prepared by grinding and sieving wheat.
Most aerosol sprays harm the ozone layer.
Many artisans live in this colony.
The auctioneer spoke too fast for most of us to understand him.
Use an antiseptic agent to treat that laceration.
The adulation was obvious.
The strutting fox squashed the frightened chick.
The appointee will need some time to acclimate himself.
Don't use that accusatory tone with me.
We were accosted as soon as we arrived.
We should await the verdict.
The adequacy of his solution is questionable.
Benjamin planted asters around the porch.
Denmark has many water bodies with brackish water.
Bob babysat the pesky child and became incredibly perturbed.
The geek bit the head off the duck.
Do we throw out the ointment now or later?
This cream will give you ageless skin at low cost.
Alex is not athletically inclined.
Bart is an adjunct faculty member.
Brad's acquittal was assured once the new witness was found.
Don't abandon the effort too early.
She allowed the boy to eat the cookie.
Stew's materials are readily augmentable.
Imprisoned, she steadfastly claimed to have worked under duress.
Get the paint out of the truck and place it on the tray.
The sound of the zither gave Shirley a sensation of deja vu.
Adolescence is a time of trial.
Russel has been abroad most of his life.
Anthropomorphism is a problem that many researchers must avoid.
Edwin Howard Armstrong was a man of high fidelity.
Astronomers often spend long nights gazing through their telescopes.
Shut the vat for the last time.
Atrocities are committed almost daily.
Use an asterisk to highlight the important assumptions.
This child is probably not readily adoptable.
Endemic goiter is treated with iodine.
Bill often acts like an automaton.
In Amazonia, numerous hallucinogenic plants were known.
Let's remember to check the antifreeze before winter.
This wing has a wonderfully aerodynamic structure.
Horace is no longer affiliated with us.
Ashley's vote should smash Theo's campaign.
His face was ashen.
Festus vouched for the authenticity of the check.
Let's get it appraised first.
Herbert will attest to my effort.
Joan felt achy after the workout.
The dealer will verify the authenticity of these books.
The stain on the floor is from my aquarium.
This evidence is not admissible in this court.
They acquired escort fighters for their own protection.
Kay's keys are gone.
Three deathly screams froze the thieves.
The simplest kind of group is the dyad, or two-person group.
You will need an adapter before you can use this device in that outlet.
Betty went to actuarial school to become an actuary.
He is an artful dodger.
She wears little adornment.
Avarice does not become you.
Automation has temporarily put some people out of their jobs.
Howard is a technician in the aerospace industry.
I bid you adieu.
Take that chest back upstairs.
He jumped the hedge and injured himself.
He is too anxious these days.
It will take awhile to acclimate yourself.
Atmospheric conditions are unstable today.
A youth has many lessons to learn.
This agency helps parents cope with the problems of autistic children.
Knowledge of acoustics is important in speech research.
The spotlight was on the display of spring fashions.
Georgene is our new aerobics instructor.
Harley is a true academe.
Herbert is an affable guy.
The terrorists blew up the armory.
They stashed the loot in the pumpkin patch.
Is Peg capable of putting the bike back together?
Speed skaters sprint to the finish.
Abigail abhors that kind of behavior.
Sylvia finally acquiesced.
This is absolutely the last straw.
One is the lonliest number.
Julia used to enjoy a coy admiral she met while on a voyage.
Never antagonize your antagonist.
Albert went on and on ad infinitum.
There is too much ado about nothing.
Aphasia can result from severe head injury.
George sailed the Aegean Sea alone.
Both Ken and Gwen go to ski school.
The Mustang proved to be an extremely important interceptor.
Ward accidentally bumped into her car.
The church was adjacent to the saloon.
Thistles and sunflowers are both in the daisy family.
Go through that archway to get to his office.
Apple pie with cheddar cheese is delicious.
Midge's deed led her into a web of intrigue.
Ernest's advancement was slowed by his temper.
The puny ape scratched his toe on the edge of his cage.
"Abracadabra" is a magical incantation.
The dog chased the children into the cave.
Among more affluent drug users, cocaine was especially prevalent.
They robbed the arsenal before attacking.
Gilbert, Tom, and Bill are all good at skating and diving.
Little of the arable land in Africa is under cultivation.
The existence of the Abominable Snowman has never been documented.
We fell for it hook, line, and sinker.
Asthmatic people have trouble during hay fever season.
We have affiliates all over the country.
Julie keeps tadpoles and guppies in a jar.
Admiral Hood led the squadron.
Her aphasia resulted from a seizure.
Paul bought cowboy boots and chaps.
We are trying to organize our own advocacy group.
There are many avenues to success.
Try to remember the joyous occasions.
Fluvial erosion is common in deserts where vegetation is sparse.
Frank is a worthy adversary.
John tried to rescue the drowning children.
Clay oozed from the eighty eyelets.
Aquamarine is a popular gemstone.
Her poise and charm caused comment.
Harriet winked a coy eye at Theo.
Voodoo influences the lives of superstitious peasants.
Most organisms bypass primary defenses such as the skin.
Antares is a bright star in the winter sky.
The advertisement was attractive.
Leroy received a rousing cheer from the assemblage.
Arabic is a Semitic language spoken in the Middle East.
Polyester is not very absorbent.
His assets were eaten up over night.
Stan was adamant in insisting that he be allowed to stay.
Georgia is an accomplished aerialist.
They bumped into that Buick and then tore down the street.
Magnetic attraction is a powerful force.
You rang?
Adobe is an energy-efficient building material.
Never use abusive language in my presence.
The name means "hill of the grasshopper."
It is advantageous to call ahead for reservations.
Hogs and geese turned the old adobe church into a pig sty.
There were only three abstentions.
Soot showered down the chimney of the haunted house.
My daughter aspires to become an astronautical engineer.
The church abutted the school.
My son wants to become an astronaut.
The Adjutant General will be replaced next week.
Spanish is the language spoken in Spain.
Let's draw our audience into our laps.
The baby was a chubby, pudgy little butterball.
This invention made high-fidelity amplification possible.
It doesn't pay to buy cheap clothes.
Barry is an acquaintance of mine.
Do those guys standing against the bar look like trouble?
He looked askance at the dentist.
Francisco still has trouble with some English adverbs.
They finally captured the arsonist.
The mission was aborted at the last minute.
Don't touch the china in that case.
My appendix has never been removed.
Talcum powder can keep you cool in tropical climates.
How any agent can stay idle is beyond me.
His arthritic knee bothers him before every rain.
The asphalt was too hot to traverse in bare feet.
This painting is aesthetically pleasing.
The assembly will be held next October.
The meadow was abloom with wild flowers.
The civic arena was dedicated last year.
Jonothan still has some trouble with Spanish affixes.
Aphids have attacked my rose bushes.
Nicotine is highly addictive.
He is an apt pupil.
Say "C" three times.
Ellen is an activist for women's rights.
Greg's advisor will not be around for another day or two.
Rupert was acquitted of responsibility for the crime.
They will affix the plaque to the side of the building.
Don't be overly assertive with Eugene.
This building is not architecturally sound.
Thick haze enshrouded the hostile valley.
The aqualung was invented in the thirties.
We still do not have the right antidote.
However embarrassed you are, bow out gracefully.
Allison is surprisingly attentive for a two-year old.
That candidate is too arrogant to be elected.
Robert's abnormal behavior astonished his elders.
They allow only aliens to enter.
Arterial bleeding is very dangerous.
They arose just before sunrise.
The Naval Academy has a fine engineering program.
The aurora borealis is visible on clear nights.
Zsa Zsa enjoys the azure sky in June.
My autobiographer will be here soon.
There were thousands of athletes at the Olympic Games in Seoul.
He should choose his duties carefully.
Irene naps in the afternoons.
Did they really plan to annihilate those people?
My father put his pension into an annuity.
Larry was unusually agreeable yesterday.
Ted's new jacket needs some alteration.
High-amplitude sound can damage the eardrums.
Angina is not as serious today as it was ten years ago.
The aged gentleman finished the marathon in under 3 hours.
Maurice will send if airmail.
CMU is my alma mater.
Gerald will deal with the aforementioned problem in due time.
Order them alphabetically.
Albino rats are not very healthy.
Afterward, they went to the park.
The stew could use more allspice.
Never shoot an albatross.
Let's go to the Agora tomorrow.
It sounds like the alternator needs to be replaced.
Timothy is a fine alpinist.
The annexation of Poland was tragic.
Would you like to go the amusement park with Eric tonight?
Rhoda had an allergic reaction to the soup.
The airplane is not airworthy.
Denise was not amused by that joke.
I don't know Paul's latest alias.
Theodore always checks the almanac before planting in the spring.
The crew agitated for more shore leave.
Gwen was all aflutter about the upcoming event.
Mark will send it airfreight.
This play is allegorical.
Marcus is a real airhead.
Artemus interacts amiably with his fellow workers.
There must be something wrong with this algorithm.
Harvey will handle the aforesaid problem.
The Amish make good cheese.
The alkalinity of this solution is much too low.
Phylis tried to allay his fears.
I think the altimeter is off.
The airport was socked in by fog.
Alveolar consonants are among the first that children acquire.
Ernest started anew.
Alfred stood by in amazement as the pachyderms stomped by.
Something must be wrong with the airfoil.
My uncle is an agriculturalist.
The airliner was too crowded to get off the ground.
Moslems worship Allah.
Doris wore her new amulet last night.
Reginald's allegiance is questionable.
Norma is an alarmist.
Amtrack is finally on solid financial ground.
Amaranth is an edible wild plant that is common in this area.
Tina is wearing a nice alpaca sweater today.
Most airlines offer discount flights if you book in advance.
The new ambassadress will arrive in an hour.
They no longer want to Americanize their economy.
Pete likes Canadian ale.
That is not very analytic.
How many ambassadorial posts are up for grabs?
Garvey can't afford to go to Detroit with us.
Anatomy is a fascinating subject.
This is an alkaloid.
Nitrogen fertilizer contains ammonia.
Did he alter the schedule?
Ward acted altruistically.
The divers brought up several amphorae.
Children love animation.
Stew alluded the police for several hours.
Victor was involved in an altercation last night.
Albanians constitute the majority in some parts of Yugoslavia.
Evan would like to get through without any anesthesia.
Complimenting rice with beans provides essential amino acids.
Betsy became confused amidst the confusion and curled up in the corner.
The patient was ambulatory.
These new air-cooled engines are wonderful.
It's in the aft compartment.
Can you amplify that?
Stacey is an allusive foe.
Amputation is a terrible ordeal.
That is an anomalous statement.
This potion is alchemically stable.
Our society has become amoral.
Can you give us another anecdote?
Put the albumin in that dish.
There is too much affrication in that stop.
My bedroom was quite airy.
Winefred is an alumnus.
Amiability is a characteristic found in most salesmen.
Eunice belted him with the andiron.
Would you like me to save this algal mix?
Who is going to be anchoring the relay?
Angelica is Anglo-Saxon.
Please do not block the aisles.
Those allegations are not true.
The night is alive with sound.
Aggression is not unusual among siblings.
Aldebaran is a star of the winter sky.
Francine's anklets are always falling down.
The story is an allegory.
The allocation of resources was inadequate.
Leroy just bought an Airedale pup.
The Berlin airlift was a success.
Do you really want to be a radio announcer?
The English alphabet has twenty six characters.
Aniseed is an aromatic spice.
Wanda has a fine alto voice.
Their independent analyses agreed and confirmed Curt's diagnosis.
Gail suffers from anorexia.
Give thanks to the Almighty for all that we have received.
Aluminum siding is not as popular as it once was.
It was just a minor annoyance.
They are Annamese.
The Afghani's are on their way.
Lyle's new apartment is not air-conditioned.
The cake was an amorphous mass of gooey batter.
Otto is our alderman.
A job like this carries with it a number of amenities.
The Americanization of the islands ended after the war.
This is an anarchical situation.
The Altaic family of languages developed around the Altai Mountains.
Cats love animate objects.
The afterglow was unusually bright.
The best tuna is albacore tuna.
Can Stanley allocate the resources adequately?
You'll find it amidships.
Frank is angling for a promotion to project manager.
The fighter's airspeed decreased rapidly.
Should I use this bag if I become airsick?
The andromeda galaxy is not visible this far north.
They are alike.
The President still has several ambassadorships to give away.
They are allomorphs.
Boyde is my amigo.
The medicine had a bitter aftertaste.
Some allophonic variation is a problem for our system.
Carlos is an anarchist.
Nina stood with arms akimbo.
Some of the stuff that comes over the airwaves is garbage.
Aren't they angelic?
Our discussion has gone too far afield.
Wally is answerable to no one but me.
Arthur is quite amiable.
The forest was aflame with the crimson hues of autumn.
Garfield wore his anorak today.
Teddy put the flowers on the altar.
Amerindian culture is fading rapidly.
Lady Oleary's cow was last seen ambling down Main Street.
Amnesty International needs our support.
Gaston's car was afire.
Didn't Aston want to amend the bill before it went to the floor?
Afrikaans is one of the languages spoken in South Africa.
The Amazon River basin is an important source of clean air.
Ambergris is an important ingredient in perfume.
The barge ran aground sometime last night.
We lost Amy amid the confusion of the celebration.
My Grandmother makes the best anise cookies.
Karl agonized over the decision for hours.
Douglas is an amputee.
The ancient people of this region were animists.
Illegal trafficking in Andean artifacts is rampant.
Dirk is an anachronism.
My Grandad was an avid angler.
The Legislature frequently amends bills before it votes on them.
Is his airway blocked?
Tomorrow is our anniversary.
It's just a minor agitation.
The door was left ajar.
George was the aggressor.
Oscar bought a new album.
I don't know anything about Afro-Asiatic languages.
Tracey tried to allay his fears.
Ernie is an anesthesiologist.
Shall we meet the new airman?
Ben walked into the room anointed with catsup.
Please come alongside.
His diagnosis was not particularly analytical.
Don't drop the alkali.
That's an ambiguous question.
This is a nice example of anaphora.
Kevin is an agnostic.
Anesthesiology is a popular field of medicine.
The aftereffects were surprising.
Do you suppose I need a new amplifier?
This problem is not analyzable on that level.
They are allophones.
Doctor Bentson will have to amputate Charlie's leg.
Howard doesn't believe in an afterlife.
That was a good analogy.
Tim has a beautiful Alsatian.
What is his altitude now?
This scale-model is anatomically accurate.
Wendy has an unusual affliction.
They sing angelically.
Is this the day the angels sing?
Ronald allegedly entered through that window.
Carley has found a new analyst.
Anabolic steroids have been banned.
My aide will see you now.
This is an alkaloidal solution.
The doctor will probably check the amniotic fluid.
Check the annals for that kind of information.
Agriculture is the biggest employer in North Dakota.
It was just an afterthought.
The earliest religion in the region was animism.
What is the aggregate cost.
There is a lot of affluence in our society.
Harold has gone afoul of the law too often.
Alienation is a problem for many immigrants.
That statue is made of alabaster.
Amos and Andy epitomize vaudevillian comedy.
We can airbrush those spots right out.
Jack's agility is astonishing.
Aloe is an effective skin treatment.
This passage is marked "andante".
Do you pay annually or semi-annually?
The fighter violated Soviet airspace.
Justin just stood there with his mouth agape.
This package is airtight.
The army has developed a new amphibious tank.
Ford angled for that job.
We are finally in agreement.
Please alphabetize them for me.
This is an interesting slice of Americana.
Agrarianism was popular during the eighteenth century.
Did you get the announcement?
Hal is an Afro-American dancer.
Alphabetization is difficult for some children.
I like amoretto and coke.
Vince and Alf will alternate.
Dr. Chester is an anatomist.
Is he altering the schedule?
This house gives the allusion of affluence.
The air-conditioner just went on the fritz.
Unsupervised, the children ran amok.
Few Americans know anything about their ancestry.
Robert is the alleged thief.
They landed at a jungle airstrip.
This is as sweet as ambrosia.
That was not very amusing.
Phil's ailment is puzzling.
Burt is suffering from amnesia.
Please don't analyze me everytime I open my mouth.
The poem is alliterative.
There is no place for amateurism in this line of work.
Salamanders and newts are amphibians.
Chester found that amphora off the coast of Portugal.
The alpine meadow was ablaze with columbines and pasque flowers.
Allied troops landed on Normandy Beach.
This valley is my ancestral home.
Michael is amenable to that type of suggestion.
Beatrice is an amnesiac.
The Black Angus is among the breeds of beef cattle.
The amaryllis has a beautiful flower.
The airplane crashed in the dense fog.
Did you get his answering machine again?
Agnosticism has become popular on college campuses.
The afterimage was unusually sharp.
Mike ambushed him with his question about aid to the guerrillas.
Karen was all agog over the fireworks display.
Harold is an Afrikaner.
Lily is ailing this morning.
Anisette smells wonderful.
The Amazonian jungle is disappearing at an alarming rate.
The USSR essentially annexed eastern Europe after the war.
Quincy alleges that he is innocent.
Many southern Louisianan's are of Akkadian descent.
The street was aglitter with Christmas decorations.
Eugene was born anemic.
Throw that amalgam out.
Is Ronda seeing her allergist today.
Wadsworth's family is quite affluent.
The jet really took off when the pilot kicked in the afterburners.
The Eastern Alliance is as strong as it has ever been.
This painting is ageless.
Winny was amazingly accurate in his assessment of the problem.
Most of the Algonquian tribes suffered greatly at the hands of the whites.
Is Florence an anesthetist?
Many immigrants feel alienated from our society.
Cloey was very animated.
We still need alphanumeric data.
Wendy is an altruist in the finest sense.
Many babies are still born with some form of anemia.
The angelfish ate all my guppies.
We heard the beggar crying, "Alms for the poor".
Amythystine quartz can be found in this quarry.
Shall we meet at the alehouse?
Wendel is afflicted with a strange malady.
Altruism is a characteristic that humans don't share with other animals.
We didn't get our regular allotment.
That was an amateurish job.
Amythyst is a gem found along the north shore of Lake Superior.
The anaconda is an amphibious snake found in the Amazon River basin.
Will you help me annotate this?
Aluminized cloth is a good insulator.
This is an analog device.
Julius was aghast.
What does the second amendment to the Constitution say?
Anchovy paste on crackers makes a wonderful hors d'oeuvre.
Derik is an anabaptist.
The aftermath was unexpected.
That is an anomaly.
The stones in this bracelet are Lake Superior agates.
Alcoholism is still a problem in our society.
We'll start afresh tomorrow.
Did they really plan the annihilation of those people?
Chuck is not very amorous.
The history of writing shows alphabetic systems to have developed late.
Ted is unusually aloof today.
The shinbone isn't connected to the anklebone.
The barber shop is right down that alleyway.
Jacob is very agile.
Nonphonemic affricates are difficult to handle automatically.
I like alliteration.
Our class is in the annex this semester.
Chris is most comfortable amongst friends.
Isn't the ambient temperature awfully high?
Guss is an aficionado of fine music.
The play will be held in the amphitheater.
Norman finished the task with alacrity.
The ambrosial potion was heavenly.
Let's make it "andantino."
Wayne's actions were truly altruistic.
What ails you.
Vickey is my alternate.
That was just a come-on.
The contagion spread like wild fire.
Dith Praun is Cambodian.
Iron corrodes when left outside.
I don't think we should place too many constraints on his work.
The Congress of the United States is no longer in session.
Don't bother James while he's bagging the groceries.
Most consonantal sounds are made with the tongue.
Walt has conjunctivitis.
Rusty is a good comic.
We'll concentrate on this problem till we solve it.
The thieves were caught while backtracking through the woods.
Can we go to the concession stand now, daddy?
The report was compressed into ten pages.
The portage is at the confluence of the two rivers.
Is this conclusion confirmable?
I guarantee the confidentiality of your statement.
We strive for congruity in our art.
Communal living arrangements allow students to save money on housing.
Alice answered correctly.
Jeff is a good cornettist.
The stately caroche pulled up in front of the mansion.
Don't put too many constrictions on it.
Heat will constrict the opening.
You can expect much hustle and bustle backstage on opening night.
We still have trouble with conjunctions.
Cornflowers are blue and related to daisies.
He was a typical chauvinist.
Lori greeted Jeff cheerfully.
Jimmy has a bagel with lox for breakfast every morning.
Susan, to carp is so unreasonable.
Who is the new commander?
Use a cold compress to bring down the fever.
I am looking for an inexpensive cookbook.
Concubinage was common in China until this century.
This is just conjecture on my part.
A caw pierced the silent morning.
Sharon has a nice complexion.
What could be worse than liver and brussels sprouts for dinner!
The recipe called for celery seed.
We will take your statement into consideration.
I hope we don't need a new converter.
Eliza thought the cardoon tasted like an artichoke.
Mario strolled down to the casino.
Watson does not communicate effectively.
Combinatorial networks are fascinating.
It was a wonderful concoction.
I like cornmeal muffins for breakfast.
Robin is too complaisant.
I like to commune with nature whenever I can.
Politians often do not comprehend the seriousness of our problems.
Due to severe dementia, Sophie's mind was backset 50 years.
Shirley was unusually composed for her first recital.
This flightless bird is called a cassowary.
Water will condense on the inside if the temperature is kept constant.
The next consignment should arrive in a few days.
Communication is the key to effective parenting.
We will probably have to buy a new air conditioner next year.
Our new confederation needs your support.
The conflict will not be resolved until after the election.
Janet is very compassionate.
Australia is a continent.
The Commonwealth is still strong.
There are a number of contraceptive devices on the market.
Compatibility is an important ingredient in marriage.
Ward was a conscientious objector during the war.
This book is not comprehensible.
The cowboy's chaps were worn and torn.
David and Tommy enjoy camping in the backwoods with their friends.
The Copernican revolution changed the face of science.
He is still contemplating.
Crime victims must be compensated for their losses.
Military personnel shop in the commissary.
It can operate continually on a single charge.
We did not understand all of the communique.
Alice deserves a commendation.
Martina has a very strong backhand stroke.
A backstitch will help keep the edge from fraying.
My grandfather used to punish my uncle with a cat-o-nine-tails.
The mechanic recommended that I add some coolant.
Rudy's conclusions confound the experts.
His fingerprints were on the candlestick.
Beth found calculus difficult to grasp.
Real estate agents make most of their money from commissions.
Roger used a backhoe to dig up the dirt for the new swimming pool.
I don't have any plans to attend the conclave.
Raymond escaped from the correctional institution last week.
They conversed for hours.
New condominiums are going up all around us.
Rod and Jason are copartners in the venture.
The calculator needs new batteries.
Norman speaks rather colorfully.
The conquering heros returned at last.
The tiny chihuahua barked continuously.
I question Ralph's competence.
Matilda's chemise was torn.
Copper wire provides good conductivity.
Do you speak Canadian French?
Please express my condolences.
The report represents a compilation of the most recent findings.
I'm taking a class in calligraphy.
The cornerstone was laid last August.
The two combatants fought till they couldn't stand.
Nelson is a careless worker.
Contrariness is common in young children.
The Social Security Administration does not comply with existing regulations.
That was quite a comedown.
The choreography flowed nicely.
Rupert is a corporal in the National Guard.
We should disband the constabulary force before it gets out of hand.
This word has no meaning out of context.
Willey studies cometary particles.
You are cordially invited to attend the reception.
Conception is a miracle.
Just give me twenty minutes for a catnap.
This word has several connotational meanings.
He is very contemplative.
Garth can convalesce here.
His caustic wit hurt many of his friends.
He probably contracted the virus in the pool.
The conestoga wagon helped settle the American West.
The carrousel was the highlight of the fair.
Coltsfoot is a dandelion-like flower than blooms in the spring.
They built a new companionway between the buildings.
Mr. Conboy just sat in consternation.
Good concentration is important if you want to solve this problem.
Once you commit to something, be careful not to backslide.
They contrived to have their candidate placed on the ballot.
Stacey was a congressman before he became a senator.
Natalie couldn't resist gazing into his baby blue-eyes.
Many spouses are not compatible.
Maria found his baldness to be very appealing.
Rachel is coping with the situation nicely.
Andre is an able concertmaster.
Either find someone to baby-sit or simply stay at home.
The contestants arrived late.
The thief was released on good conduct.
Edie is not a very good communicator.
The centaur galloped towards the woods.
I would like to commend you on your effort.
Don't be so contrite.
I like columned porches.
The consulate will be closed tomorrow.
I was taught to abide by the ten commandments.
She will cancel the appointment.
We will allow no conspiratorial remarks.
His face was contorted with pain.
Ask the lady at the booth for a bagful or roasted peanuts.
This medication should deal with your constipation.
Comprehensibility is important in a document of this type.
A backache can be prevented by strengthening the stomach muscles.
Hal was conspicuous by his absence.
There is too little compassion in our society today.
Concave lenses are used in eyeglasses.
Who's the new constable?
They controverted all of our efforts to save the forest.
It can be no stronger than its constituent parts.
She wore a small coronet to the ball.
The mighty ceder towered above the other pines.
Timothy is such a cheapskate.
The carillon produced a bell-like sound.
The communization of the third world has slowed in recent years.
They were not very communicative.
The government cannot compel the private sector to provide public service.
Bob is the leading canoeist.
The Walker's are congenial enough.
Stu is a co-respondent in the case.
Brad challe{nged Hugh to a game of chess.
The priest is in the confessional now.
There will be a new consular office here by next week.
After robbing the bank, they commandeered a taxi to make their get-a-way.
The convoy was intercepted last night.
Stop consonants are not difficult to classify.
Do you feel congested?
We can do it at your convenience.
I have balcony seats for the concert tonight.
Salt is a corrosive agent.
Conservation went out the window during this administration.
The coneflower is a member of the daisy family.
The pitcher warmed up for the game using a backstop.
Can't you contradict him?
Compromise is the only reasonable solution.
His new room is quite commodious.
That statement constitutes libel.
Drew can never balance his checkbook.
The commune system in communist countries has met with mixed success.
Pitt just won its second consecutive football game.
He signed a new contract yesterday.
The Soviet Union would like to communize the world.
This matter must be brought before a congressional hearing.
He was determined to remain a bachelor until he was 35 years old.
Bill has conspired against us for the last time.
Charles Shultz is a popular cartoonist.
There's a convent just around the corner.
Arthur is looking at fifty years of confinement for his crime.
Salmon congregate at the mouth of this river each year.
The commandos hit us just before dawn.
Too often, parents conceal problems from their children.
Comprehension is not stressed in early reading instruction.
Jonothan will get his comeuppance.
His convalescence should last for another month.
This book is confusing.
The clergyman wore a cassock.
The constitutional convention was convened early.
I enjoy comedy.
They have planned for any contingency.
The vibrating backrest is a popular feature of this recliner.
A catty is equal to one and one-third pounds in weight.
Ronald feels much more confident after his first performance.
Convex lenses are rarely used for such applications.
The engine compression is still too low.
Let's consign that idea to the ash can.
Cornhusking is only performed for tourists nowadays.
Brad is a columnist for the Wallstreet Journal.
Being born with a caul was thought to be a good omen.
Corydalis can be found in the woods in spring and early summer.
The baby's babbling woke the toddler from his nap.
Stan is an ardent conventioneer.
Pets provide companionship for the elderly.
Do you still have my comb?
I have complementary tickets to tonight's symphony concert.
Inez uses cayenne pepper in everything she cooks.
Are these substances combinable?
The curves will converge at this point.
She practices celibacy for religious reasons.
Caffeine is addictive.
Aaron read the congratulatory statement.
We still have not conceptualized the problem.
The carrot is high in vitamin A.
The pale body was illuminated in the casket.
Randalf is a colorless person.
Upon the cliff stalked a catamount.
Check the console before starting her up.
Is the map in the glove compartment?
We must guard against contamination before we start.
Art is resting comfortably now.
The carsick child's face was green.
I used to smoke a corncob pipe.
We are awaiting the completion of the document.
Do we have to conform to these requirements?
The contusion is not serious.
I have an antique commode in my bedroom.
Balata is used in making belts.
I prefer stimulating conversation to argument.
Gilbert represents the new consortium.
The consensus is to start over.
My financial consultant says that it is a good deal.
Korea is still a Confucian society in many ways.
Pandas rarely mate in captivity.
Dennis suffered a concussion when he fell off the balcony.
Act three had a backdrop of a beautiful mountainous scene.
Complacency is a disease of the lazy.
His coordination is fine.
She has been a congresswoman for eight years now.
Many people tie cornstalks to their porches for Halloween.
The questionaire asked if I was caucasian.
The deep red pigment was referred to as carmine.
The investigators uncovered the conspiracy early.
Do you know how to play the cello?
For years bald men have tried hundreds of hair-growing remedies.
Ann's work is commendable.
Can't you constrain your pets?
Where will the next convention be held?
He is an evil, contemptible degenerate.
Remember to have your article copywrited before you release it.
Corpus Christi was blasted by the hurricane.
Many small businesses are being swallowed up by huge conglomerates.
My granduncle was a cooper.
Shouldn't we try to console him?
Congeniality is an important character trait for sales people.
The carnivorous creature salivated at the sight.
She wrote the caption for the picture.
This statue commemorates a great event.
They are looking for continuity.
What's the connotation of this word?
This represents a concatenation of the three files.
Computation still takes too long.
The leaves are a coppery color.
That was a wonderful consomme.
Are we having cornish hens for dinner tonight?
Ray has become corpulant.
Our calculation proved to be correct.
The cornet looks like a short trumpet.
Davis was the first President of the Confederacy.
Bush is not an avid conservationist.
Our office has become too compartmental.
The caravel was a small ship of the fifteenth century.
The carboy contained corrosive acid.
The ineffective commisar was replaced.
Cornstarch is good for thickening gravy.
The fox got into the chicken coop again.
Use the backstairs for a quick exit when you hear the fire alarm.
The caveman was preserved in the iceberg.
Get your fat carcass down here!
Constructive criticism is welcome.
The county commissioners will meet tonight.
It is an interesting construct.
The cornucopia was over flowing with fresh fruit and nuts.
Slowly, they approached the cemetery.
Let's ask the bagpiper to lead the parade.
She is comely.
The catwalk was dark and narrow.
We are looking for world-wide condemnation of genocide.
Albert is one of the conferees.
Carob can be substituted for chocolate.
Involuntary conscription should be unconstitutional.
What type of casserole are you bringing?
Is there a correlation between the events of yesterday and a week ago?
We need to caulk the edging.
They had a catholic wedding.
The new Consul General will arrive in a few weeks.
We had a cookout last weekend.
The spread of communicable diseases must be controlled by the government.
The meeting will convene again tomorrow.
Is he still conscious?
Liz will enter the conservatory next year.
The cormorant is a diving bird found around large bodies of water.
Platinum wire is a good conductor of electricity.
The caboose was bright red.
I cannot condone such behavior.
Did the murderer confess?
We bought new carpeting today.
No one could figure out the conundrum.
Andre, the chef, came from France.
The carpetbagger sought to turn the situation to his advantage.
Wallace had another convulsion last night.
Our copier is down again.
The table had a ceraceous covering.
I think we need a new connecter.
Reagan is a capitalist.
Stan was a medical corpsman.
Infant's are fed extremely bland foods throughout babyhood.
Rust-proofing your car will help prevent corrosion during winter.
Mike will not concede this race till it's over.
Warren has been in a coma for two days.
Lloyd grew up in the badlands of Texas.
It was too contorted to be used again.
The bailiff said, "All rise."
My grandfather died of congestive heart failure.
Janice is excited about the invitation to the coronation.
He was well schooled in the carnal arts.
We are looking for concord on this matter.
I'd rather not buy a new condenser now.
There was so much bagginess in the pants that he bought a smaller size.
Hank is a real backwoodsman.
The workers rebuilt the backside of the building.
I studied comparative literature in college.
They have been in combat too long.
I was baptized in the Congregational church.
This pie has the consistency of mud.
Their statements conflict.
Phil is too conceited.
Will Randy confide in you?
We do not concur with your conclusion.
"Bah-humbug!" yelled Ebeneezer Scrooge.
The censer contained the burning incense.
We wish to be married in the chapel.
Ralph spoke convincingly of the need for greater involvement.
The will is probably not contestable.
Eldridge commutes thirty miles to and from work daily.
Shannon chose natural childbirth.
The coracle is a small boat used by ancient Britons.
This problem will require a concerted effort from many people.
The carpal bones of his wrist were shattered.
Does this correlate with what you found?
The opening to the cavern was hidden by the boulder.
Kate had all afternoon to choreograph the dance.
Albert is a coppersmith.
That was not very comical.
There are rats in the corncrib again.
Catnip drives cats crazy.
The Western Pennsylvania Conservancy has bought several thousand acres.
The columbine is the state flower of Colorado.
The thief's confession was obtained under duress.
The helicopter went down in the woods.
Sharon lived with the Cherokee Indians.
The caribou are becoming an endangered species.
My favorite comic strip is Beetle Bailey.
We rented a cabin for the winter.
Concubines were kept by the wealthy as late as the last decade.
Do we really need a new compressor?
The conspirators were discovered before they had done any damage.
The diamond weighed one carat.
Abraham and Jacob formed a copartnership.
This sofa is very comfortable.
Let's not compartmentalize our office.
Corkwood comes from the cork oak.
The corporate headquarters of Gulf were once located in Pittsburgh.
Cortisone is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis.
Don't forget the condiments.
Stop badgering me!
Boa constrictors are found in South America.
Do you know how to dance a carioca?
The coptic faith arose in Egypt.
The Spanish conquistadors entered the Southwest about 400 years ago.
The maiden was pure and chaste.
Abraham was a Canaanite.
Wilson will corroborate my story.
Winston drove down the causeway.
The chili con carne was tasty.
The concerto was disastrous.
Jeffry would like to be a comedian.
Is Ben still coloring the wall?
There's a new confectionary store down the street.
The concerti were wonderful.
The cheetah is a fast sprinter.
I don't think we can fix the conveyor belt before tomorrow.
I received a cablegram.
Zachary, take us to the carnival!
Chanukah is the festival of lights.
His undershorts were made of balbriggan.
Contraception is an important step in controlling population growth.
Please don't misconstrue what I have to say.
The copperhead is a dangerous pit viper.
Don't complicate matters unnecessarily.
Conch shells can still be found on the beaches in Puerto Rico.
Molley has consolidated all of her holdings.
The corkscrew was a timely invention.
There was a huge backlog of rum cakes at Christmastime.
Jimmy's caucus discussed the issue.
The entire corpus is not yet available.
The boy's babyish behavior was the reason for his punishment.
In her mind, she saw the car careen out of control.
Is this carpet colorfast?
Put the backing on before you hem the dress.
The dowager stayed as a chaperone.
Is Andrea our new committeewoman?
The report was surprisingly comprehensive.
The Christmas season starts in November.
The baleen whale is an endangered species.
The Coast Guard intercepted the contraband.
He injured his cornea during the fight.
King Arthur lived in Camelot.
Did you send Russel to the commandant?
The contrabassoon has an interesting sound.
The electorate has become too complacent.
Your salary will be commensurate with your experience.
Wine coolers are very popular these days.
Raul is conversant in several languages.
Jarvis has nothing but contempt for them.
William has been comatose for about three hours.
The caravan pulled out before sunrise.
Al is our newest convert.
The cadet saluted the officer.
The East End Co-op is a good place to buy fresh vegetables.
The catamaran sailed on quickly.
What does this word connote?
The caricature was a humorous likeness of him.
What is that contraption?
His office is down the corridor.
What is the combinability of these two chemicals?
That was a wonderful comedic routine.
We should conserve energy.
This room is conducive to good concentration.
My uncle rents a combine to harvest his wheat.
Lucy stuck her chin out stubbornly.
Rolf is my new confidant.
Can we find any commonality between the two sides?
The evidence was not conclusive.
Wilson is our new commodity broker.
The discussion turned into a conglomeration of irrelevant ideas.
The comanches roamed the plains, following the herds of buffalo.
Westinghouse has been a big contributor in years past.
When will this product become commercially available?
The coot is a kind of duck.
Arlene is suing for compensatory damages.
George is a commie.
That is an unusual comforter.
Abel is my co-religionist.
Constancy is one of his most admirable traits.
Do we have your consent to proceed with the operation?
She was cerebrally injured.
The winery just bought a new corking machine.
The table was too big in circumference.
You need a comma here.
Death just is not conceivable till much later in life.
The football game was co-opted for an emergency news broadcast.
Contemplation is important before making a decision like that.
The commentator didn't have a particularly insightful comment.
Adequate containment facilities are vital before we can proceed.
This recipe calls for two cups of confectioners sugar.
This bust is in commemoration of Arthur's devotion to the cause.
Remember to conduct yourselves as gentlemen.
Backlights helped to accentuate the beauty of the nativity scene.
What kind of a commitment will this require from us?
One can find corrupt officials in any government agency.
The carload was rather small.
My uncle is color blind.
The cake was delicious.
Can you conjugate this verb?
The teacher wanted us to estimate to the closest centigram.
The muscles on his neck were corded with the exertion.
Dave is a correspondent for the Washington Post.
He commanded that they cease their bickering.
I'll make my corrections tomorrow.
We extend our congratulations to the winners.
Is this compound combustable?
Commodore Perry traveled to the North Pole.
George was studying to be a caricaturist.
Carnauba can be used as a wax-type polish.
The painting was made up of concentric circles of different colors.
Donald is a copycat.
Conceit can be difficult to overcome.
Shall we meet in the concourse afterwards?
That is the most convincing argument I have heard yet.
John got a job as a caddy.
Plant on the contour rather than with it to avoid erosion.
The police confiscated the money.
Brenda's team won the badminton championship.
Such contortion bothers me.
Her message was candid and brief.
Nicky's deafness is not congenital.
Beethoven was a wonderful composer.
Neither candidate for comptroller is particularly well qualified.
Confucianism cemented Korean society for 800 years.
Don't have a conniption fit over it.
The argument worked as a catalyst, and a riot soon broke out.
Are we having fruit compote for dessert again?
David was a choleric baby.
I contend that the solution has already been found.
That was an interesting commentary.
The consultation was more expensive than I had expected.
Will you be able to come for communion?
Robert is a skillful conjuror.
Will the sauce congeal in time for dinner?
He must vote according to the will of his constituency.
Coriander is a spice used in Middle Eastern food.
Steve is a brilliant conversationalist.
Stan's joke was corny.
Corruption was rampant before Barb arrived.
The Olympic swimmer won a gold medal during the backstroke competition.
The restrictions are conditional on his performance this semester.
The remarks were only conciliatory.
To backbite a person is a very cruel thing.
This is the last correspondence course I plan to take.
The bartender concocted a new cocktail for the occasion.
Ralph is our new committeeman.
Roland will try to make a comeback.
Shouldn't we try to conclude this meeting and get on with our work?
The caress was as gentle as a summer breeze.
The Spanish were the first to colonize America.
The core became too hot to extract.
Won't you consult an expert about that problem?
Confetti littered the street after the parade.
Texas was one of the Confederate States.
The haven't yet consumated their marriage.
We often look on immigrants with condescension.
Gil is her new consort.
The Marine Corps is a proud organization.
Wesley has a very combative nature.
Such change is subtle and represents a continuum of alternatives.
These medications are more effective if taken in combination.
Can they convict him on that kind of evidence?
We should confer on this before the meeting.
Comfrey makes a nice tea.
The newspaper is looking to hire copyreaders.
They are looking for conciliation.
Are you going to the commemorative ceremony?
The situation was chaotic.
He is just not controllable anymore.
This is an unnecessary complication.
That is a contradiction.
Columbus Day is a national holiday.
The natives began to chant a blessing.
I'll have a Big Mac combo, please.
That was a corker.
Many corporations have little regard for the welfare of their employees.
Concatenate the files before you print them.
The pitcher threw a fast ball with a lot of backspin on it.
The concierge met us in the lobby.
He pricked his finger on the cactus.
The wine was stored down in the cellar.
The spruce is a coniferous tree.
Wes was convicted of complicity in the murder.
The California Condor is on the endangered species list.
To "lay" is a causative verb.
David is a contortionist.
Her innocence made her childlike.
Commencement will be held in June.
The report is not concise enough.
Russ is comfy in his new home.
Condensation will ruin the drapes.
Are you still constipated?
This mystery is certainly baffling!
Milly works for Barkus Bakery.
The agencies should coordinate their efforts.
Elizabeth is very considerate.
Caramel is my favorite candy.
He downed a copious beaker of bitters.
Commoners led a difficult life during the Middle Ages.
He threw the ball home to the catcher.
She gave me a come-hither smile.
The Fairchild's are newcomers.
Mary won a consolation prize.
Her contractions are still irregular.
The contractual agreement states that you must arrive by tomorrow.
Billy's job is to hang the bacon in the smoke house.
The old jalopy backfired several times as we pulled away from the garage.
His childish behavior was pitiful.
The casing above the window was cracked.
My parents don't even correspond anymore.
Lovelace finally drugs and then rapes Clarissa.
Numerous terms in mathematics bear his name.
The most important of these is X-ray diffraction.
Bright lighting can be cheerful and active; dim lighting, dignified.
It must exercise due diligence over all persons.
On the contrary, the zygote developed normally, producing a tadpole.
His most notable invention was the differential analyzer.
His own style displays his predisposition for tall, elegant figures.
Their eyes are highly sensitive to contrasts of light and shadow.
The new code does not resolve this dilemma.
Recent evidence indicates that all of these mechanisms are involved.
They are so named because the males have one extremely large claw.
Domestic disputes may be referred to a higher authority.
This division was later enclosed in a box with venetian shutters.
Separation was intended to diffuse power.
Fired ceramic molds are employed to produce castings.
The word "bit" is an abbreviation for binary digit.
Her life became temporarily more dignified.
The Diazo-dry print is made in basically the same way.
Vinegar is a dilute aqueous solution of acetic acid.
Sutherland propounded his theory of differential association.
California leads the nation in the production of asbestos.
All of these forms are essentially the same physical phenomena.
Today, saccharin is found in almost all dietetic foods.
Steroids are quite diverse.
The airy disk diffraction phenomenon is named after him.
Hydrogen is usually prepared in the laboratory.
The foods had to be small in volume and low in weight.
Heroic efforts were made.
Each digit represents a place value.
They contain a great deal of smooth muscle.
Cattle, sheep, and goats live on grass.
He successfully fought off his numerous opponents.
The diode consists of only two electrodes, the cathode and the anode.
Dropsy often occurs in patients with congestive heart failure.
They proved more useful than, and soon superseded, torpedo boats.
It may be contrasted with the digital computer.
His works of the early 1960s were "object paintings."
It is distinguished by penetrating characterization.
The iris, which contains an opening, the pupil, is colored.
Trial by combat, of which dueling is a form, was revived.
Diathermy is a medical procedure.
Dido, however, fled with the treasure to Africa.
The primate is elected from among the diocesan bishops.
Diastase was discovered in malt extract.
At the same time, the chromosomes themselves uncoil.
Hypertension drugs include diuretic agents.
Conservatives then ruled the country until 1943.
It is limited in storage capacity.
Diatomic oxygen is colorless, odorless, and tasteless.
Today the term diaspora is still used to designate the settlements.
English prosody commonly recognizes four principal meters.
The third toe is the longest, and this is the only functional digit.
Bauxite, the principal ore of aluminum, is a rock.
They are odorless white crystals or powders.
Conditions in the bathyal zone are more variable.
His most original works are portraits.
Some dark regions occur and the gas emits a diffuse glow.
Space can be understood by the overlap of shapes.
The concept of capacitance may be discussed.
Termites are able to digest and receive nourishment from wood.
In 732, he was promoted to archbishop.
In religion, too, it was a time of elaboration and differentiation.
Eventually, the tissue dies and the skin sloughs off.
His style does not convey great emotional depth.
One to 12 years may be required before blooming.
Italy's administrative autonomy was lost shortly afterwards.
Horvath possessed a unique mastery of folk diction.
His architecture was dignified, severe, and impressive.
The upper surface of each leaf is covered with two types of glands.
When Cowper recovered, he turned more to poetry.
Another important alkaloid is strychnine.
Puritan writers stressed religious and didactic themes.
He became bishop and later archbishop of Santa Fe.
The dilemma was resolved by extralegal methods.
A prism separates light.
It is formed by the coagulation of milk by rennet.
In Hinduism, dietary laws vary according to caste.
Poker dice calls for five dice.
Baldwin's work served as a transition to the revolutionary sixties.
Differing forms of cancer have myriad probable causes.
Insurrection continued until 1974.
The hooves are horny structures, analogous to fingernails.
In poetry, the symbolists opposed didacticism.
Included in this category are bibliomancy.
The church is divided into 30 dioceses, each with its own bishop.
It may also be said that digitalis strengthens the heart.
Digitalis cures heart failure.
Patrons could dine at tables after purchasing sandwiches.
The traditional Jewish dietary laws are not observed by all Jews.
A cetacean dies if it is out of water for a long time.
Other commonly used computing machines include cash registers.
A diode is an electronic device with two terminals.
It may be called the "mandate-independence controversy."
The uniform clarity of modern beers results from filtration systems.
He also founded many religious houses.
Architecture is also three-dimensional.
After that, each player in turn rolls two dice.
Thereafter, world leadership remained with the Babylonian scholars.
He lived in exile during the dictatorship.
The digital radar system, which uses electronics, overcomes this.
These poems revealed gifts that his later poetry was to refine.
It is divided into two provinces, York and Canterbury.
Only about 2% of all headaches result from organic disorders.
Solutions may be described as dilute, concentrated, or saturated.
Didinium is a genus of oval-shaped protozoa.
A professional may be found legally guilty of malpractice.
These diminutive flints were inserted singly or in sets on arrows.
The constriction may destroy air sacs, or alveoli, in the lungs.
Diffraction results from the obstruction of a portion of the light.
The term "dinghy" is applied to various small boats.
Diaz was extremely dictatorial.
Barium titanate has a high dielectric constant.
The fluid that surrounds stem cells contains hormones.
In molecular spectroscopy, he studied diatomic molecules.
The print is then again washed in water.
Rectification is the single most important application for diodes.
Sometimes government efforts to withhold information are thwarted.
As a result, very little digestible organic matter escapes.
Cardiac output is controlled primarily by the heart rate.
Among primitive peoples dietary rules are primarily taboos.
The termite digests wood.
Artiodactyls have larger stomachs and longer intestines.
Variable capacitors consist of two interleaved sets of metal plates.
A new and more dignified architectural setting was required.
Craps is played with two dice while chuck-a-luck is played with three.
Slopes originate in many ways.
The peasants revolted.
Thus, the diode is a device that is sensitive to polarity.
Primroses have dimorphic flowers.
Its four major instrument packages mapped the celestial sphere.
Starch, glycogen, and cellulose are all chains of glucose units.
Also noteworthy was his work on dead water.
If the number shows up on all three dice, the payoff is triple.
Monism as a philosophical term was first used by Christian Wolff.
The clothes moth digests hair and wool.
The power train includes a transmission.
The use of such dilatory tactics is known as the filibuster.
Joseph, an indolent monarch, made him chief minister.
They observe the Sabbath, circumcision, and some Jewish festivals.
If this rating of the diode is exceeded, the diode will break down.
The culture area concept is used by anthropologists.
It is a sober and dignified procedure throughout.
Undiluted, these animal substances exude extremely unpleasant odors.
Sympathetic stimulation causes dilation of the pupil.
Bile acids are secreted into the intestine to aid in digestion.
When workers lay eggs, the queen may chase the workers away.
The amount of food eaten by the beetles is insignificant.
The remainder is dissolved in dilute solutions of sodium cyanide.
Like them, Solomos was inspired by the War of Independence.
His well-crafted poems show agility in handling a variety of meters.
Van Dine was the pseudonym of Willard Huntington Wright.
Dilatation of the cervix is measured in centimeters.
Small blood vessels dilate and leak fluid, producing swelling.
Thereafter, X-ray diffraction methods developed rapidly.
Thus, k is a fundamental constant, called the dielectric constant.
He gave special attention to convocation and visitation.
They worried about the dictatorial propensities of his vanguard.
Captopril is a powerful drug used to treat congestive heart failure.
More natural lighting replaced traditional footlights.
He ruled constitutionally at first.
Many plants thrive in full sunlight, including aloe.
The coastal towns engage in a limited commercial fishery.
Performances are given during the summer.
They occur at the edges of the digits.
Generally, the taller the chimney, the better its draft.
The tricuspid valve remains open during diastole.
The most successful of these has been the compact cassette.
The continued diminution in size is halted eventually.
Diffraction is considered a wave phenomenon.
Carol soon decided to rule by undermining the political parties.
The user can give dictation while away from the office.
Nevada ranks 1st nationally in the production of barite.
A diode may be either an electron tube or a semiconductor device.
The expression of dietary rules varies considerably.
Josiah Willard Gibbs generalized Boltzmann's work.
They remain at a certain dilatation for several hours.
The drug is a combination of ingredients derived from the foxglove.
Lenin's power in the government was dictatorial.
Ivan Pavlov studied classical conditioning.
He reasoned that crystals should diffract X-rays in much the same way.
Whoever rolls the higher number moves first.
This process may introduce accidental reading or rounding errors.
Two years later his dictatorial rule provoked a revolt.
To government policymakers, this stagflation presented a dilemma.
The person will experience a great deal of difficulty.
Very few digestible substances reach the large intestine.
What remains is a soil high in iron and aluminum.
He administered the diocese with fidelity and courage.
Much of China underwent varying degrees of diastrophism.
Some religious congregations are confined to specific territories.
Diminutive and excitable, he often became ill from his indulgences.
A sole proprietorship may also have difficulty recruiting.
The heart muscle pumps the blood through the body.
He published many odes and short poems.
The breathing difficulty is alleviated somewhat by leaning forward.
Spontaneous abortion occurs when the embryo fails to develop.
Many fishes also have greatly expanded guts.
The equipment also includes two dice cups.
He also advanced the study of trigonometric series.
By its nature, dictatorship is an unstable form of government.
Capacitors can be described in terms of their capacitance.
Christ was no longer depicted as a youthful shepherd.
It is a heavily didactic tale of the value of solid virtues.
Burgoyne's campaign started successfully.
These cells have a free surface that faces the digestive tract.
Epic theater is a form of episodic, didactic, and parabolic drama.
Large crystals are routinely examined for such properties.
Headaches brought on by muscle spasms are classified as tension.
Many of the members of the ten tribes were apparently deported.
The two layers surround the digestive cavity.
Decay bacteria contained in the enzyme solutions hasten digestion.
There is no apparent sexual dimorphism.
He had great difficulty in securing recognition.
Examples of dicots are honeysuckles, sunflowers, and buttercups.
The form is characterized by informal diction.
This phenomenon is called DICHROISM.
Rebel forces were having increasing success in battle.
The analog signals are electrical voltage levels.
Bureaucratic candidates were examined in Confucian wisdom.
The print is then washed in a mild solution of potassium dichromate.
Reza Khan soon assumed dictatorial control of the state.
Copper is not attacked by water or steam.
Each player rolls five dice, concealing them from all opponents.
For instance, cacti and other succulents must have full sun.
The alveoli become dilated.
Thus, they supply a means of digesting forages.
Yeats experienced the truth of his dictum.
They have a relatively straight digestive system.
Common diatomic molecules are oxygen, nitrogen, and carbon monoxide.
When Lee took command, the outlook appeared dim.
Evidence supporting this view includes upright posture.
They analyze with dramatic insight the dilemma of the individual.
The hero Beowulf rescues the Danes from the monster Grendel.
The blood vessels also may dilate, which reduces blood pressure.
Medical diathermy works on the same basic principle.
Ashes are subject to attack by an unidentified disease.
Radioactive isotopes, called tracers, are used in isotope dilution.
A warlike people, they received the name Colorado.
It produces dilation of the pupils and increases in pulse rate.
Dielectric materials include all materials that are not conductors.
There are two types of diathermy.
Dancers move in unison, forming geometric patterns.
William Withering discovered the use of digitalis.
The differing gauges in railroad lines cause difficulties.
Despotism should also be distinguished from dictatorship.
The metal is attacked by boiling concentrated hydrochloric acid.
Analog-to-digital converters are common computer input devices.
This distinction is preserved in Germany.
Manuscript illustrators introduced shadows adjacent to figures.
These errors are avoided with the second method.
The house cricket enters houses in Europe and parts of the US.
Digitalis is a heart stimulant derived from the foxglove.
The communion has 40 provinces, located on every continent.
The Diazo paper is first exposed to light.
He developed a native clergy.
With the help of Edmund Burke he published his didactic poem.
Each year he visited every parish and mission station.
Tourmaline is a natural dichroic crystal.
Boole published about 50 papers on differential equations.
Under these Hellenistic rulers, Jewish life was changed.
The male dies soon after the flight.
Their names became attached to the days of the week.
There are no other incisors.
The availability of such options poses a serious dilemma.
Night blindness is the inability to see when illumination is dim.
This stimulation can be produced by inflammation.
The heat source may be a hot bath or a hot compress.
Ammonia combines with rain and becomes available to green plants.
Two genera have a long, narrow front.
Many applications in electronics require electrolytic capacitors.
The first Muslim empire based in India was established in Delhi.
The diatonic scale consists of five whole tones.
Diffraction is a change in the direction, or bending, of a wave.
Perhaps the finest examples of rias are the long inlets.
For example, a pendulum set in motion eventually comes to rest.
These are called differential analyzers of the Kelvin and Bush types.
He returned to Canada in 1940 and served as vicar-general.
Digestive systems act on nutrients taken from the environment.
The larger ships of the day had difficulty reaching the city.
The diatoms' walls are impregnated with silica and hence glasslike.
They are considered aids to digestion.
Many species display sexual dimorphism as adults.
Surgical diathermy is used to cut and coagulate tissue.
It relieves moderate pain of headaches.
When one dies, the new incarnation is sought among newly born boys.
It generally blooms after it is 10 years old.
McGill has three affiliated theological colleges.
Jews in the Diaspora may earlier have observed this festival.
Here, the insects eventually drown, and digestion begins.
It is often used with various feedback circuits.
He ended his career in Istanbul.
He largely ignored the value of empirical science.
Some important examples are hydrogen peroxide and nitric acid.
A dichotomy is also reflected in his political views.
Internally the digestive system is very large and capacious.
Larger species require structural support.
Some of the earliest ghettos were voluntarily established.
Dielectrics such as water possess permanent dipole moments.
Two groups of plants are clearly within the angiosperms.
At the base of the harp are seven pedals.
There are two major cases in which light diffraction is observed.
Didactic writings did indeed flourish at this time.
Thus blood flows in these vessels only during the diastolic phase.
His speaking voice is remarkable for its diction and tone.
The toxin causes local irritation.
They cause the pupils to dilate.
Blood pressure is measured in millimeters of mercury.
His designs typically depended on the strong use of light and shadow.
Europe can be divided into two major areas.
The first player to roll the dice places a bet.
It is used either by itself or mixed with other ingredients.
Beryllium bronzes are also used to advantage in firing pins.
The emperor was the most dignified of all lay rulers.
These specially adapted microorganisms are able to digest cellulose.
Those containing only single bonds are called saturated hydrocarbons.
Fairy tales do not deal with fairies.
Primitive humans may first have savored roast meat by chance.
A wide aperture lets in more light.
When the dimmer star eclipses the brighter star, Algol fades.
Today, digitalis is commonly used to stimulate weakened hearts.
Molecular diatomic oxygen is a fairly stable molecule.
The rods contain rhodopsin.
Shell material is typically composed of calcium carbonate.
Gribbles digest wood with the help of an intestinal enzyme.
Finely ground ore is mixed with a dilute cyanide solution.
After a period of travel he returned to Persia.
Plant cells may also be grown in cultures.
It serves to digest further the food passed from the stomach.
Lincoln had an almost geopolitical grasp of the Union's dilemma.
The 2-story villa is set on a high ground-floor plinth.
Diatomic nitrogen accounts for approximately 78% of the total.
Certain digger wasps capture ants at the ant nest.
This differentiation is controlled by the genes.
Over the centuries many differing  opinions have been held.
An albumin is a protein that is soluble in water.
Histamine causes large blood vessels to constrict.
The result was a new dimension in documentary photography.
These early works also have a pronounced two-dimensionality.
Differentiation and complexity of the species are increased.
Cancer prevention can thus come about by such measures.
Zionism and Israel are central components of Judaism.
The electron-tube diode uses a heated cathode to emit electrons.
The impairment can range from slight to severe.
Today, cheese whey is condensed or dried and used for animal feeds.
Its introduction has caused some difficulty.
Although illiterate himself, he surrounded himself with scholars.
Royal palaces had the same layout as private houses.
Diazo-moist printing gives a white or light background.
Many Diaspora Jewish communities rebelled against Rome.
Sexual behavior is channeled by taboos.
The Don jokingly invites the statue of the slain man to dine.
Severe anemia may result in difficulty in breathing.
The bladderwort has digestive enzymes in the bladder.
The value of C depends only on the geometry of the system.
Because of their size, colloid particles diffuse slowly.
In digestion, large molecules are split into smaller ones.
Another dimension was added to warfare in the 14th Century.
Some dietary laws apply only to sequestered religions.
Both must first be broken down to their component sugars.
The Persians added a new dimension to warfare with.
The archbishop of Canterbury is primate of all England.
Laval succeeded in having Quebec declared a diocese.
It is used as a thickener in cooking.
Bernhardt had an extraordinarily beautiful voice.
A dichotomy has long existed between them.
The internal-combustion engine brought greater mobility to armies.
It stimulates the autonomic nervous system.
Amphetamines tend to increase heart rate.
Dilution usually means dumping into the sewer.
Common in stratigraphic formations, they form in many ways.
Park instituted martial law and assumed dictatorial powers.
An essay can be formal or informal, personal or impersonal.
Elements that liberate hydrogen from dilute acids are listed.
An early example of aleatory music was created by Mozart.
Diastase is a soluble enzyme.
Clay articles and refractory brick are usually pressed damp.
The 18th century in England produced the mock-heroic poems of Pope.
The scales of the area are largely diatonic with seven tones.
Portugal was under a dictatorial government.
As the worshiper moved along the axis, the interior gradually grew.
The province is divided into eight dioceses.
At the end of diastole, the atria also contract.
Synthetic dichroic material is produced in sheet form.
What is executive power?
Only dim outlines survive of the wall paintings in Akbar's palaces.
The simplest capacitor consists of two metal plates.
The name is the Russian diminutive of voda.
It contains lively colloquial diction and comic character portrayal.
Warmth and redness result from dilation of the small blood vessels.
These processes include meiosis, or reduction of chromosome number.
Fluorine exists as a diatomic gas.
In the chemical process, wood chips are first cooked in a digester.
He ruled dictatorially.
Many of these charges appear in multiple and diminutive form.
He worked on a "steam digester."
Dramamine is an antihistamine.
The explosive is extremely insensitive to physical shock.
The kidneys contain an enzyme called renin.
Some beach material is carried offshore and deposited on bars.
Desiccation causes sedimentation in deserts.
High-grade hematite has long been mined there.
They avoided theological and denominational labels.
Depending on the intended use, it may include an abstract.
The only luminescent bivalve mollusk is the piddock.
Elevation is the primary climatic determinant.
Peat is chiefly a product of environments such as bogs and marshes.
Darling won Pulitzer prizes for editorial cartooning.
He also wrote The Dialectic of Enlightenment.
In mosses, the gametophyte is dominant.
With a partner, Deere began manufacturing the grand detour plow.
Subsidence of deltaic sediments formed round lakes.
Concrete barriers are being constructed to slow the deterioration.
External parasites can cause extensive debility in all livestock.
The densities needed to produce electron degeneracy in stars are large.
The word "bard" is used today to designate any type of poet.
A few tests are empirical; they give correct diagnoses.
Greyhound also has a consumer products division.
The designation is not exact.
Patients complain of insomnia and daytime sleepiness.
He often used local color while dealing with universal concerns and themes.
Arrest did not seem to deter marijuana use.
Somerset and Devon, on the south shore, are agricultural.
Didion's style is almost devoid of exposition.
To the Romans she was Diana.
Mowgli's intelligence and manual dexterity make him valuable.
To denigrate the senators, he bestowed the consulship on his horse.
The discussion in this article is limited to diabetes mellitus.
Massachusetts soils are derived in large part from glacial detritus.
Many states are also moving toward determinate sentencing.
The satellite was an oblate spheroid.
Human beings were being glorified as well as the gods.
Multiplication is the easiest operation to perform on two fractions.
In theory, diagrammatic feudalism resembles a pyramid.
Dynamite could be packed in measured charges.
Bismarck is the capital city of North Dakota.
Deviance is a matter of degree.
They also aid the soil by feeding on decaying organic matter.
Most metal azides are explosive under appropriate conditions.
A fine black powder served as the primer charge.
The causes of manic-depressive psychosis are unknown.
Still higher pressures can overwhelm electron degeneracy pressure.
Diabase is a fine-grained, dark-colored igneous rock.
In the Edwardian age, he was known as a dandy and wit.
Lawrence had a mystic message to deliver.
Delinquents are likely to come from a background of poverty.
Bismuth is the strongest of the diamagnetic metals.
Dairy farming is prevalent.
Most are predators, and many divers fear them.
In Victorian England dainty feet were much admired.
He received desultory musical instruction.
Rice is grown in some damp deltaic regions.
Hospital patients, mostly destitute, were attended by women.
His style was simple and direct.
Detached forts began to be built during the Napoleonic period.
Technology is a major cultural determinant.
The state was severely affected by the Depression.
Agriculture is the economic mainstay of Devon.
Desertion is more than absence.
The Parliament serves as a general deliberative body.
They are named for their antipodal relationship.
They frequently devastate oyster and clam beds.
In Roman mythology, Demeter was identified with Ceres.
Violators are ordered to cease and desist.
Primates usually have dextrous hands, with nails instead of claws.
These bacteria convert the nitrogen compounds into ammonia.
He is particularly noted for his lavish biblical epics.
Easter Island is a Chilean dependency.
Canids have 42 teeth.
DDT kills by acting as a nerve poison.
Small amounts of acetone are present in blood and urine,
Typhoons occur from late August to early October.
Paramount among these is the use of diagnostic cytology.
It is situated in the delta of the Volga River.
Taoism teaches the devotee to lead a long and tranquil life.
A fraction is the quotient of two integers.
The derrick is used to raise and lower heavy weights.
His writings reveal religious devotion.
This philosophy is diametrically opposed to the American system.
Degenerate conics are formed by planes that pass through the vertex.
Stories were also told of the Buddha's heroism in past lives.
The clavicle and many skull bones are called dermal bones.
Still, the detoxication thesis is important.
This cessation of motion is caused by dissipative forces.
Afghanistan's economy is essentially agrarian.
Large landowners continue to exercise economic and political power.
Its supporters continued to press for disarmament.
Lee detached Jackson behind Pope.
The degeneracy of the genetic code appears to have a pattern.
The party managed to seize total control of the harvest.
The waste-management subsystem was simply a diaper.
Their political structure is based on deification of the Earth.
Detection of this line caused radio astronomy to advance rapidly.
His family, already poor, was left destitute.
Degas was the son of a wealthy banker.
A bear's winter sleep is not true hibernation.
His drive for empire resulted in the devastation of World War Two.
The attempt may succeed if devaluation raises the  prices of imports.
The coastal zones are desolate.
The doctrines of modernism were championed in little magazines.
Departmental relationships have aroused some conflict.
A depilatory is a chemical agent used to remove hair.
A minority enroll in private, mostly denominational, schools.
The first German concentration camp was established at Dachau.
Although his rule was despotic, he instituted numerous reforms.
Emphasis in an attack aircraft is on flexibility.
He was educated at Darjeeling and in England.
Men abandoned makeup almost entirely.
Petroleum is one of the foremost economic resources of Devonian rocks.
The novel is constructed as a reverie and debate.
He was a strong supporter of the war against America.
Some psychologists reject the notion of diagnostic categories.
He sought to divest verse of its intellectual content.
He served as a deacon in the Church of England.
The techniques of instruction were descriptive and not quantitative.
The dermis, essentially fibrous in composition, has two layers.
As a youth, Clarke learned that he had diabetes.
The story concerns the depravity in the lives of the southern poor.
Due to error, measurement values generally deviate.
Bacterial action is  also impaired by disinfectants.
The High Himalayas are devoid of permanent settlements.
It contains the date of the sale.
Many species can darken or lighten their color in response to light.
He came under the influence of Darwinian thinking.
Pollution has led to deterioration of the atmosphere and oceans.
Their dominant characteristic was a denial of all change.
Mango chutney is an Indian delicacy.
Black became the predominant hue.
Determinism is sometimes confused with predestination and fatalism.
A common or uniform system of chronology is essential.
From some exchanges, it is even possible to dial overseas calls.
It is also called "darter" for its swift dives to spear fish.
It is a central nervous system depressant.
Genesis gives a description of this floating houseboat.
The vessels docked over a spot in the Atlantic Ocean.
The dandelion is widely distributed.
For stopping the sound, the instrument is equipped with a damper pedal.
Pure diamond is the hardest substance known.
Phobias are treated by desensitization.
The thorax is separated from the abdomen by the diaphragm.
Diamond cutting and polishing is a major industry.
The general deterrent effect of sentences is in doubt.
Such changes, however, are observable only through autopsy.
The conventional direct-contact mine was gradually replaced.
The uneven style suggests spurious additions by later hands.
Clothes are placed in a machine drum.
The daredevil sustained serious injuries in a crash landing.
Mild tranquilizers were developed for states of anxiety.
This degree of accuracy would have delighted Ptolemy or Copernicus.
The first three of these are chronic and degenerative disorders.
Atrophy can result from disuse.
Fuses are available that detonate the projectile.
Cramer's Rule uses the determinant to obtain the inverse of a matrix.
He was also identified closely with Delphi.
It is diamagnetic but does not conduct electricity.
The king can move one square in any direction.
If it is double-headed, then the experiment is deterministic.
Manic-depressive psychosis is a psychological disorder.
The exposed paper is put into the developer solution.
Many also campaign vigorously against violence against women.
Datura is the generic name for ten species of annual herbs.
He ascended to the Swedish throne after his father's death.
He was later persuaded to use the demotic language of Greece.
Poisonous and caustic, depilatory creams may burn or disfigure the skin.
Gin occurs when one player has melded all cards and holds no deadwood.
Dandruff is a common condition.
The form is characterized by informal diction.
Determinable and conditional fees are also forfeitable.
Absalom was defeated.
One angstrom unit is equal to one ten-billionth meter.
The gun used to assassinate Lincoln was a derringer.
Forty-nine of the daughters did kill their husbands.
A deacon sang each line, and the congregation repeated it after him.
Forfeiture is confiscation of specific property.
The dhole is frequently called the Indian dhole.
To privatize an industry is to denationalize it.
Darter is the common name for the Old World species.
Daffodil is the common name for any plant of the genus Narcissus.
Rainfall is dependable year-round except in the steppe.
He used a geometric approach in diagraming the system.
The alkaloids in the ink act to desensitize the chemical.
Rarity is an important determinant of value.
By April, the POW deadlock was finally broken.
The caudal fin is also primarily dermal in origin.
The first symptom of dehydration is thirst.
The upper walls are of white and pink marble lozenges.
Mead was greatly influenced by Darwinism.
The daimones of ancient Greece were originally benevolent spirits.
The popular, or demotic, form has evolved naturally.
All the atoms present in an object contribute to diamagnetism.
The dalmatian is a shorthaired dog.
It is debatable, and debate may be on the merits of the main motion.
Ballistic missiles are swift.
Amalgams are used in dental work as fillings.
Cattle are used in dairy production.
"Briar" is a term used to designate prickly bushes.
Tides circulate loose organic particles, or detritus.
All art is abstract to some degree.
Thus the sporophyte has become the dominant generation.
His other works include several collections of poetry.
These tracts were then resold to developers.
Ethyl alcohol may be denatured, or rendered unfit for consumption.
Alarm systems are designed to detect undesirable events.
Most racemes are indeterminate.
The capital cities have always been demographically dominant.
The term comes from the derogatory Greek word for non-Greek.
The moment of death is difficult to pinpoint.
It is easier to separate deuterium from hydrogen.
In psychoanalysis it is equivalent to desexualization.
The important feature of these fuels is that they are renewable.
Shots were apparently fired from the Depository.
Lactic acid from milk rotates a beam of polarized light.
Sperm are virtually devoid of cytoplasm.
The denarius was a silver coin issued by the Romans.
In Texas the major rocks formed were limestone.
Freezing may also cause a slight loss of minerals.
The banking system can create deposits.
Muhammad did not create the office or designate its authority.
His parents were devout evangelicals.
In Islam, a dervish is a friar, or monk.
Henry attempted to depose Gregory.
In Semitic scripts, vowels are usually not written.
Daedalus settled alone in Sicily.
The basic structure of all antibody molecules is the same.
It does not require a second and is neither amendable nor debatable.
Other sweeteners include corn syrup and dextrose.
Barbiturates act to depress the central nervous system.
He became dauphin and heir to the throne.
The top and bottom chords usually comprise two steel angles.
Nineteenth-century critics subsequently evaluated his influence as deadening.
They also develop signs of exhaustion and dehydration.
Carthaginian art was highly derivative, mainly from Egypt and Greece.
The term Aryan is now used to designate a family of languages.
In temperate zones, flint corn often matures earlier.
Humans also pollute the atmosphere on a global scale.
The breeders did not neglect grace of movement and majesty.
Wind action is one of several of the Earth's major erosive forces.
This phenomenon applies to certain fractures in metals.
He classified this form of  behavior as diamagnetism.
As rainfall decreases, the savannas give way to scrubby grasslands.
The front face of each incisor consists of hard enamel.
The Damnation of Faust is based on Goethe's poem.
The Renaissance humanists were often devout Christians.
Most democratic countries permit absentee voting.
In its mission, the ACLU has stirred controversy.
Caviar, a gourmet delicacy, is the roe, or eggs, of the sturgeon.
They must be chosen in accordance with individual need.
It forbade such abuses as deportation.
First-degree burns damage only the epidermis.
The cards in each suit are ranked downward from ace to deuce.
He attempts self-deliverance by falling in love.
Dragon's mouth is a dainty herb of the orchid.
The largest religious denomination is the Roman Catholic church.
Some such comparisons have been detailed.
Dewey lectured in Japan and China.
International financial instability resulted.
Associated forms include a large series of flake tools.
Such systems must incorporate a detector.
Lithuania is dominated by gently rolling plain.
The icon represented the monarch in the guise of his patron deity.
These poems deal with the purification of the soul.
Magnesium is known to be an activator of many enzyme systems.
It is characterized by a skin rash and muscle degeneration.
The state has several local drama and music groups.
Sunlight enters through the water and reflects a dazzling blue light inside.
The meadowlark is helpful to humans as an insect destroyer.
The pathology affects mainly bone and blood vessels.
He was a devotee of the opera.
Such people, devoid of scruples, flourish in the postwar era.
Surrounded by opulence and luxury, Damocles sat feasting.
The geoid is not readily describable mathematically.
Hostile embargoes detain the property of a foreign state.
Orthopedists can detect uneven growth of the leg bones.
Not all deserts are as devoid of life as the Sahara of North Africa.
Two years later, his impoverished and devout family moved.
Columbines are valued for their dainty flowers of many colors.
Davis was nominated for the presidency by the Democrats.
Concentration camps are places of detention for civilians.
Tracheal respiration is another deterrent to large size.
The diameter of the inhibitory zones can be measured accurately.
Their demise gave rise to a confused welter of states.
She debuted in "A Midsummer Night's Dream."
Several of the brightest naked-eye stars are supergiants.
The central teaching of Buddhism is the dharma.
Fevers, dysentery, and general debility  were rampant.
Occasionally, the disease will devastate a herd.
His work is notable for its character delineation.
Summoning the Druids, she is about to denounce the younger woman.
The majority of the population is of Polynesian descent.
The epidermis is the outermost layer of animal skin.
She was made a dame in 1959.
Among other changes, lowered levels of insulin occur.
Migration has led to serious rural depopulation.
Playing "ghosts" demands intellectual dexterity.
Military demolition has both offensive and defensive value.
The dealfish are scaled but lack an anal fin.
The highest incidence of speech disorders occurs developmentally.
Maximum speeds in excess of 30 knots became normal for destroyers.
Even higher doses can result in feelings of depersonalization.
Severe depression often occurs when the drug is discontinued.
On the other hand, it spawns juvenile delinquency.
Devilwood is an evergreen tree of the olive family.
The snake's skin is primarily a protective structure.
The insecticide DDT is a colorless, crystalline, chemical formula.
However, other forms of dependency continued.
Astaire starred in such musicals as Daddy Longlegs and Funny Face.
A wound epidermis is indispensable for limb regeneration.
At present, the emphasis is on home dialysis.
They preached devotion to Mary, the mother of Christ.
This base-60 system was effective in dealing with time.
Severe abuse may result in major injury.
The person begins to be garrulous and later can become delirious.
Diabetes is a term used for two different endocrine diseases.
With East as dealer, the following hand might be played.
The destructive process results in restricted mobility of the hip.
Many winners erected statues to deify themselves.
Common natural abrasives include garnet and emery.
Gingivitis is an inflammation or degeneration of the gums.
Point bars characteristically develop around the inner convex banks.
The desman is a semiaquatic, molelike mammal.
The stained material can then be measured by a densitometer.
The derringer was a small, percussion-cap pocket pistol.
A comparable method of locomotion is found in the sea robins.
In diabetics, blood glucose rises to a much higher level.
All dehydration methods prevent microbial growth.
Thor was an intermediate-range ballistic missile.
Why do societies set up certain rules?
The Semitic name of the sign is daleth.
Present within the abdomen is the abdominal cavity.
It may also be effective in preventing manic or depressive episodes.
Amarillo is an important producer of helium gas.
Widespread discontent ensued.
The grebe is an aquatic bird, sometimes called a dabchick.
Invulnerability, therefore, is the essence of deterrence.
He was originally a Jacksonian Democrat.
A more useful quantity is the effective aperture.
Virginia Dare was the first child born of English parents in America.
Foams are squirted from aerosol containers with nozzles.
There are no problems with heat dissipation.
Such interferences include physical trauma and diabetic coma.
Evolved from Indian wild cattle, the zebu has a large fatty hump.
Dialysis is the separation of dissolved substances.
Older marrow becomes yellow with the deposition of fat cells.
Baptists form the largest Protestant denomination.
At least one Romance language, Dalmatian, has become extinct.
Airmail is the delivery of letters and other material by aircraft.
Some diagnostic tests  are performed directly on the patient.
Proponents defend it mainly on two grounds.
In the denial stage, the patient refuses to recognize reality.
Today, most dialysis tubing is made from regenerated cellulose.
The cervical cap is a smaller version of the diaphragm.
The practical unit of damping is called a decibel.
Dairy farming flourished in the fertile areas around the city.
In another type, dripping water turned a wheel.
The industry grew, despite cyclical setbacks.
They appear to be detached, aloof, or in a dreamworld.
The flavor and the texture of both crust and crumb deteriorate.
Year-round leaf retention may be beneficial during winter.
His mother was a devout adherent of Jainism.
Detritus is consumed by oysters, zooplankters, and barnacles.
Deuterium gas is slightly less reactive than ordinary hydrogen gas.
He established the curriculum of the seven liberal arts.
This was a symbiotic relationship.
Devaluation is an official reduction in the value of a currency.
Rodents also have detrimental aspects.
Changes in temperature are detectable to zero.
Motivation is the hypothesized cause of behavior.
The tarot decks were hand-painted by commissioned artists.
Intracranial pressure is increased.
To be sure, these triumphs have also had their darker side.
Dendrochronology is the science of using tree rings for dating events.
The amnesty may be for acts such as treason or desertion.
Usually the Greek letter gamma is used to denote this phenomenon.
After years of aimless hedonism, Faustus is carried off to hell.
Normally, such streams and lakes are not a dependable water supply.
Dendrochronology has not been successfuly applied in the tropics.
The resulting narrow-reaction zone is called a detonation wave.
Shortly after hatching, ducklings follow their mother from the nest.
This activity of Mind is dialectical in nature.
His nickname came from his collection of diamond jewelry.
It also forbids deprivation of life, liberty, or property.
Hence, these are deterrent armaments.
It concerns the dehumanization of people, their use as guinea pigs.
Scotland has been assured limited home rule, or devolution.
In Greek mythology, Daphnis was a shepherd, the son of Hermes and a nymph.
The former are called laevo and the latter dextro compounds.
These studies were important steps in genetics.
The poet vividly describes the devastation endured by Jerusalem.
Psychotherapy also addresses such interpersonal difficulties.
Speculators may even withdraw their capital from the country.
The use of hypnotics has occurred throughout history.
There are some differences in traditional kinship systems.
Temperature and salinity remain nearly constant.
Medieval and modern crowns probably evolved from the diadem.
These define the approach course and glide slope.
This process is called electrodialysis.
The Chesapeake and Delaware canal is a waterway in Maryland.
Other nutrients are not included in the grade designation.
Cinnabar occurs in areas of recent volcanic activity.
Modern lizards and snakes also have diapsid skulls.
Closure is a means to end debate in a deliberative assembly.
These degenerative processes are in part caused by wear and tear.
Members are expected to renounce the outside world completely.
The stream pattern is mainly dendritic.
The plot revolves around Antigone's devotion to her brother.
There is no known reason for connecting the Great Dane with Denmark.
Dementia is a severe and irreversible deterioration of mental abilities.
These techniques are popular for labor and delivery.
Scholasticism replaced scholarship.
The town was the scene of a tragic devastation.
Dionysius decided to invite his courtier to a lavish banquet.
It includes much that is characteristic of Bennett's writings.
Sweet corn differs from dent corn by only one recessive gene.
The dachshund is a long-bodied, short-legged dog.
Demolition is usually a prelude to new construction.
Abbey dealt with historical and literary themes.
Much romantic nautical lore is associated with the Sargasso Sea.
Primary doctrinal emphasis is on entire sanctification.
The medium became popular.
Drier parts of the country are generally devoid of vegetation.
Among the fish caught are tunny and octopus, considered a delicacy.
The use of frescoes in churches spread throughout the Balkans.
Other major shapes include the diagonal, or x-shaped, cross.
The southern section experienced extreme urban deterioration.
Epidemics also contributed to their dispersal and depopulation.
He introduced much European choral music to the United States.
Delftware is a kind of tin-glazed earthenware.
These include learning models for the mentally retarded.
He was a cultural determinist and materialist.
A map has a uniform or controlled variable scale.
This breakthrough made possible the treatment of diabetes mellitus.
Cirrhosis is a disease of the human liver.
The battle ended in a deadlock.
More simple and direct were the devotional poems of George Herbert.
Kinshasa was founded as a supply depot.
The blimp is made of two or three plies of cotton, nylon or dacron.
Chandler wrote such original screenplays as The Blue Dahlia.
Demography uses birth and death rates.
Frameshift mutation is an addition-deletion type of mutation.
Diapsid skulls are characteristic of dinosaurs.
The Danish influence is still present in place-names and dialects.
In Greek mythology, Demeter was the goddess of agriculture.
Gamma radiation is also produced in a nuclear reaction such.
It is more difficult to detect than the proton or electron.
The dorsal fin is formed from subcutaneous dermal tissue.
The Mexican War began on April 25th.
"Lolly Willowes" describes the demonic possession of a young girl.
The term "dialectic" has both logical and metaphysical meanings.
These deliver blood to the capillaries.
Each denominator consists of the coefficients of x and y.
Braces are diagonal members used to brace the studs.
Desmids are tiny green algae.
The city of Dan, in northern Palestine, was a cultic center.
Truffles are a popular delicacy in Europe.
Some are congenital.
Any impending  disaster is now referred to as the "sword of Damocles."
The former precept is taken as encouraging vegetarianism.
There are automatic ink, dampening, and color controls.
The next decades in England saw the rise of denomination hymnals.
The members of a clone have precisely the same characteristics.
These are polymers of glucose.
As a mathematician, Carroll was conservative and derivative.
There she was tried on charges of heresy and witchcraft.
The result has been acute housing shortages.
The finding lists contain designations.
During World War Two, he was persecuted by the Italian government.
The United States continues to deplete its soil resources.
Diacritical marks indicate noninitial vowels.
Darjeeling is a city in West Bengal state, India.
It comprised full-face and profile photographs.
Gregory wrote many theological, liturgical, and devotional works.
Denim is the material used to make blue jeans.
The kernels of flour corn are composed largely of soft starch.
Low temperatures do not sterilize foods.
Current flows only when the membrane is depolarized.
Dentures are artificial replacements for missing teeth.
Prominence was given to the detailed study of nature.
The rivers Avon, Deveron, and Spey drain the region.
The substrate is immersed in a developer solution.
The next phase of recovery is a state of delirium and extreme agitation.
Air pollution also has a deleterious effect on works of art.
Nuclear weapons lend themselves particularly well to deterrence.
It narrates the amorous adventures of a prince.
The key to the Confederacy's survival was the army.
Agriculture involves raising deliberately bred crops and livestock.
By the age of three, language and social skills are elaborated.
Embryology is commonly called developmental anatomy.
This article provides a description of the Asian continent.
Such tests help a physician decide between alternative diagnoses.
The fifth toe, or thumb, is reduced to a dewclaw.
Some severe forms of diabetes involve a defective immune response.
Every male and female was a member of a specific local descent group.
Arterial aneurysms are more common than venous.
The fluid causes damping, which resists the free vibration of the mass.
Fort Wingate, an army ordnance depot, is nearby.
Juvenile delinquency is lawbreaking by nonadult persons.
Others occur after trauma to the eye.
Also called heavy spar, it is widespread in metal ore veins.
Carnations are flowering herbaceous plants.
Acidosis may accompany kidney and liver diseases.
The fiber grows from a follicle in the dermal layer.
The glacial advances acted like conveyer belts.
He called this direct democracy.
In Greek mythology, Daedalus was a sculptor, architect, and inventor.
Dentition was differentiated into incisors, canines, and shearing teeth.
The diaphragm and leaf shutter were usually mounted within the lens.
In Hinduism, dharma refers to the moral law.
They played a ritual ball game.
It is made by hydrolyzing sucrose in solution.
Damask is a fabric with a flat, woven design.
Two diametrically opposed factions had arisen.
The fourth weakness ensured the demise of the Confederation.
In addition, morphine has an emetic effect.
Both tariffs and quotas are regarded as detrimental.
Deism must be distinguished from theism.
A critique of deism is found in two works by David Hume.
Unlike stars, brown dwarfs emit only small quantities of energy.
He was officially freed of blame for the debacle.
Other possible agents of destruction were the Dorians.
One who practices dentistry is called a dentist.
The noted Cathedral of Notre Dame is located there.
The lens in front admits a controlled amount of light through.
The dinar is descended from the denarius.
The diaconate eventually devolved into a stepping-stone.
These have included such devout groups as the Mormons.
The most common charges are called ordinaries.
Axelrod studied the mechanisms involved in the formation.
Sagging basins in coastal areas subsequently collected sediment.
More fibrous than bone, ivory is actually modified dentine.
Diabasic texture is best seen on a weathered surface.
A fortunate conclusion is called a denouement.
Daylight Saving Time can also reduce power requirements for lighting.
The body has biochemical systems that detoxify ptomaines.
Australia's extensive arid regions have sandy or stony desert soils.
Their limbs developed a mammallike posture.
He was first imprisoned by the Fascists in 1926.
Nylon is a synthetic polyamide.
This term is used to denote two distinct systems, teletext and viewdata.
In the Bible, Delilah was the woman who betrayed Samson.
An abscess of a tooth root can occur if dental decay is advanced.
Dace is a common name for several species of minnow.
The charter prohibits arbitrary detention and imprisonment.
Tablature is a system of notation using letters, numbers, or signs.
The earliest jewelry was probably amuletic.
Not until Yuan's death did the exiles dare to resume political leadership.
The name was first used to designate the entire region.
It had become derelict by 1632.
It is formed from proteins by deamination of certain amino acids.
Bets are placed before each new hand is dealt.
The player not dealing begins by leading to the first trick.
Egypt's relations with Israel continued to deteriorate.
Dartmoor is a plateau region in south Devon, southwestern England.
Dairying is the business of producing milk, butter, and cheese.
His personal conduct had always been sober.
He incorporated a dagger in his  monogram signature.
Other chemical industries include soap and detergent production.
Its aim is to compress a solid pellet of frozen deuterium.
He led the Transvaal delegation at the peace conference.
A greylag goose can roll a displaced egg back into her nest.
Various types have been developed.
This method was based on counting the layers, or varves.
They argued that the death penalty was needlessly cruel.
Plato conceived of dialectic primarily as question and answer.
These allotropes are diamond, graphite, and amorphous carbon.
Large areas of dispute exist.
Uganda was under the arbitrary and ruthless rule of Idi AMIN DADA.
All types of peat easily retain water.
The group favored the synchronic, or descriptive, approach.
This basalt tablet was inscribed in three languages.
Physicians prescribe amphetamines to suppress appetite.
Blake gave only one private exhibition.
The shelves were created by the erosional interplay of rivers.
The daddy  longlegs has a segmented, oval body.
The vertical single stem is the simplest form of espalier.
His other works include The Anatomy of Dandyism.
Her sudden death shortly thereafter left Buchanan desolate.
They can be given higher energy by accelerating deuterons.
This has become a specialized field in the modern era.
The physical action of high explosives is called detonation.
Daddy longlegs are related to spiders but have only two eyes.
The diadem, often confused with the crown, originated in the East.
The family often gathered in the home, perhaps around the deathbed.
Nonconformity, or deviance, results when norms are not observed.
Two methods for determining the position of stars are used in astrometry.
Typically, the squeals denote alarm or sexual excitement.
Stories about a similar deluge are known in many parts of the world.
In automobile engines a detergent additive removes sludge deposits.
The alkaline solution activates the developer in the film.
He led a move to depose the king of Sweden.
In the late 1870s, she was a familiar sight in Deadwood.
Dialectical method aims to ensure that premises are plausible.
Few patients die as a direct result of dental disease.
Each player is dealt 10 cards face down.
The viability of deterrence strategies could be threatened.
Verbal derivation is quite rich in all these languages.
These elements deviate from the French tradition.
The disorder may appear when a young woman leaves home.
The observer usually records detailed information on kinship.
The most important one is degenerative joint disease.
Tanker capacity is measured by deadweight tonnage.
Heroin is a chemical derivative of opium.
These represent the beginnings of a delta formed 5,000 years ago.
It is typical of Mann's ironic detachment.
Similarly, paychecks are automatically deposited.
The human body develops a tolerance for barbiturates.
The Arikara are a North American Indian tribe in North Dakota.
The ants protect aphids from predatory insects.
This keyless device depends on the correct alignment of numbers.
Cold, calculating, and  devious, he was one of the models.
Deservedly or not, he became a symbol of repression.
The carrying out of dharma is said to govern one's rebirths.
Thus, behavior is not deviant in itself.
Sex determination is first influenced at conception.
On his return to Antioch, he was ordained deacon and priest.
Dams may be classified according to the functions they serve.
They spend about 6 months in the mother's pouch.
One of the most important demographic tools is the life table.
A diaphragm is a shallow rubber cup that fits over the cervix.
It is formed by the introduction of serum.
It provided for a democratically elected parliament.
In humans the teeth are composed of an inner layer of dentin.
Urea and other waste products must be removed from the blood.
Respectable women confined themselves to a touch eau de cologne.
Diabase dikes are common in areas of crustal tension.
Lutheranism is generally friendly to the ecumenical movement.
Desertion carries severe penalties.
This is known as overdamping.
Hundreds of diagnostic tests are available.
A diagnostic test is used to identify a disease.
Personality changes are common in senility.
Their use declined after 1977.
This was not enough to achieve the hoped-for deadlock.
The diameter of these tunnels can be quite large.
With color film, the dye couplers combine with the developer.
A bubble chamber is a particle detector.
In its diversity, Hinduism hardly fits most Western definitions.
An early Darwinian, he studied marine biology.
But the critics who damned Tosca were eventually outvoted.
This report proposed a devolution of authority to Indian provinces.
Kelp are important sources of detritus in the marine food chain.
The properties of balsa wood are much like those of cork.
The Great Dane is one of the most distinguished breeds of giant dogs.
Many ceramic materials are harder than metals.
Nordhoff lived in Tahiti for several years.
The Mongols brought substantial devastation.
Beds of sandstone may wedge out against an anticline.
The Protestant reformers retained 2 sacraments.
The Psalms were essentially composed for temple worship.
There is disagreement about the proper formulation of determinism.
Carbonates are the major sedimentary rock of the Mesozoic.
Women confined themselves to a dab of white rice powder.
Syria was famous for its textiles, swords, steel, and silverware.
The nucleus of deuterium consists of one proton and one neutron.
The determinant is zero if and only if the matrix A is singular.
The ADA is formally nonpartisan.
He preferred a monarch with absolute power to command the subjects.
His puffed evening dresses were marvels of engineering.
Others were created or derived from white denominational groups.
Range-dyeing allows the blue in the fabric to fade gradually.
While not feeding, chiggers inhabit the upper layers of the soil.
It is not debatable.
Davenport worked mostly for the newspapers of William Randolph Hearst.
Depth charges are explosive antisubmarine munitions.
Crete was a dependency of Venice.
Ancient depositional remnants of successive dust storms are called "loess".
Phobias are quite resistant to change without treatment.
The uprising, on the night of July 23rd, ended in a debacle.
The hole in the diaphragm then limits the size of the aperture.
Many universities took steps to democratize.
Solutions containing this ion are diamagnetic.
In Descartes's system, bodies interact only by pushing.
Premodern long-distance overland travel was done by camel.
The crown-of-thorns starfish is a major coral predator.
They can arrest, search, detain, and use force.
This was the beginning of a cult of devotion.
Professionals played descriptive pieces.
The stream adjusts to progressively diminishing capacity.
Detailed scientific exploration began with the flight of Apollo 12.
Young fish have eyes that degenerate with age.
Rainfall is the primary determinant of vegetation in Brazil.
Kangaroos also demonstrate embryonic diapause.
An equation containing the third derivative is a third-order equation.
Diarrhea is dangerous in infants.
In Buddhism, dharma is the body of truth taught by Buddha.
The term usually implies a tragic outcome.
Its flat design distinguishes damask from brocade.
Drama, music, painting, and sculpture have flourished.
Many of his frescoes were detached from their original locations.
The expedition ended disastrously that year.
Delft is a city in the southwestern Netherlands.
Arno was best known for his depiction of New York society.
Several states passed laws mandating sexual segregation.
The implications and applications of this view are developed.
He is thus the lord and guardian of the living.
In the old French and the Danish Schools it is rarely used.
Corso spent his youth as a delinquent and a vagabond.
The element is found in its purest form as diamond and graphite.
The hard leaves act as a deterrent to water evaporation.
Instead of fighting the Europeans he tried to deter them.
The AAU also conducts developmental programs.
Many alcoholics go through several brief hospitalizations.
A dislocation is usually caused by a violent movement at the joint.
Music printing became a major industry by midcentury.
Gandhi's policies also mounted.
A physician by education, Steno had a side interest in geology.
Burgoyne returned to England in disgrace and resigned his rank.
Dodo birds are an extinct family.
An aqueduct is a structure built to carry water.
Because it is docile, it has been widely domesticated.
He was assassinated by dissident Greeks.
Some liberals became socialists.
He was sent to Paris to try to dissuade Louis XIV.
As a mode of final disposition, it is widely practiced.
He then began to develop his peculiar vision of airless landscapes.
Other important tungsten compounds are calcium and magnesium.
This high-voltage surge is routed back to the distributor.
Soviet efforts reportedly include regular drills.
This caused substantial dislocation.
Asimov received a doctorate in biochemistry from Columbia University.
Apparently exposed as a dishonest schemer, Franklin was denounced.
Inside the Communist party itself Stalin continued to clean.
Drugs may disrupt the endocrine system.
Entomologists study methods of protecting plants from insect damage.
The mammals remained small but continued to diversify.
The diver's reflex is strongest in infants.
Epidemics also contributed to the problem.
An attack through the Low Countries also would divert Allied troops.
He sought harmony on the most divisive popular issue of the time.
Prussia was incorporated into the Weimar Republic.
Form criticism studies the oral tradition behind a document.
Coincidentally, he inspired a disdain for the plain photograph.
The disruption appears to result from viral or bacterial infections.
It also investigates changes produced by dissolution in a solvent.
Fish are captured from near the surface by terns and herons.
Divers surface gradually to normal atmospheric pressure.
The annual temperature range is greater at lower elevations.
Epicurean hedonism urges the avoidance of worldly distractions.
Yet this strangely bohemian figure was one of the most gifted.
These diseases are caused by microorganisms.
Rainfall rather than temperature is the most variable element.
Many Southern Democratic leaders registered their disapproval.
The small size of insects aids in their dispersal.
In Western Europe ideological polarization reached a peak.
Such dissymmetry of molecular configuration is called chirality.
The company has distilleries and bottling plants in 21 countries.
A culture incorporates a distinctive philosophy of life.
Another alternative is dissipation of electric currents.
Enlisting in 1775, he rose to divisional general.
Diving is a recreational or competitive athletic activity.
His music is profound and his workmanship is impeccable.
It stops flying and dives downward.
He earned a doctorate of science in astronautics.
Developmental psychology is the critical study of "coming to be."
Few people question the feeding of wild birds.
He developed a reputation as a liberal dissenter in landmark cases.
The economic disparity in income did not disappear.
Carbon disulfide is a colorless, extremely flammable liquid.
Among the buildings he had constructed was the palace in Delhi.
Microcomputers are employed to route and dispatch trucks.
Since then, the county has suffered an economic decline.
Helium is less soluble in the human bloodstream than nitrogen.
It is used in the commercial production of sulfur dioxide.
Ceramics appeal to a diverse audience.
Some dives are more difficult to perform than others.
The most common metal-cutting saw is the hacksaw.
Justice Holmes wrote an often-quoted dissent.
Bell entered the department pledged to carry out Reagan's campaign.
Like other tobacco companies, Reynolds began to diversify.
These same differences occur in widely divergent cultures.
Russell's government was largely ineffective.
North of the tropic of Capricorn this belt records a wet summer.
The priests and warriors wore distinguishable insignia and dress.
Another characteristic of the Arabian is a prominent chest.
He enjoys fame for his Divan, a collection of lyric poems.
Such dams, which are generally shorter than storage dams, are used.
It has an obedient disposition and a unique lightness of movement.
Examples of divalent oxides are numerous among well-known substances.
Plants that were palatable were used for food.
Northern and eastern branches were distinguishable.
Divination is the practice of foretelling the future.
In the two-mirror form, sunlight is received on a plane mirror.
A disruptive and radical abolitionism had emerged.
Serious blackouts cause losses of industrial production.
He was also nourishing a hatred of intellectuals.
Distal to the metacarpals are the phalanges.
It is fast starting and quick turning, but docile and obedient.
Arms control talks with the Soviet Union were frozen.
Such cessation can be caused by dissipative forces.
Creosote is the name for two different oily liquids.
It has been used to treat phobias, alcoholism, and overeating.
The most striking dissociative state is the multiple personality.
Symptoms of the disorder included blurred vision and dizziness.
The ignition distributor has two jobs.
Secularism was promoted, with the disestablishment of Islam.
In both types the diver is tethered to the surface.
Helmet divers can descend to great depths.
The games evidently spread from Italy up the Rhine Valley.
The penetration was successful, as was a British diversionary attack.
Most of the population is of Spanish descent.
Such a brake has the advantage that it can keep out water and dust.
Such control includes efficient sewer and garbage-disposal systems.
Public dissatisfaction with this system grew.
Disillusion with the Radical party's ineffectualness grew.
Interest was regarded with disfavor from very early times.
As a result, this definition fell into disuse.
In many cases disposition is delayed for prominent persons.
Dolphins can hold their breath for up to several minutes.
Plymouth's fame as a naval dockyard began in the 17th century.
The religious hierarchy is also tripartite.
All major and minor triads are consonant.
The pathogens may be divided into seven groups.
The pope has developed these ideas into encyclicals.
The suit is set at 1 atmosphere of pressure.
Most of the Roman planning regulations fell into disuse.
Breach of the peace is a willful violation of public order.
The cold and austere Speransky was never popular at court.
Even this region was infested with unruly barons.
Emperor is a title given to certain sovereign heads of state.
Baroque tendencies appeared in German architecture.
After conquering most of it, he was stopped from pressing on.
They learned to navigate by weather signs such as cloud banks.
More than 27 transmountain diversion projects deliver water.
Many marine forms release numerous eggs.
Diverse in appearance, habitat, and mode of living, all are divided.
Two basic types of deep-sea diving exist.
His administration was known for its tight controls.
Two basic pressures exist.
These efforts failed to produce any noticeable change in rainfall.
Divers now use sophisticated fiberglass or plastic helmets.
The French occupied the Ruhr district.
Juvenile divisions work on processing youth arrests.
Hoffer earned his living as a dishwasher, lumberjack, and migrant.
Distemper and rabies are infectious diseases transmitted by viruses.
It lost members and fell into disuse before World War II.
The empire consequently began to disintegrate.
Traditional religion includes gods of the sky and earth.
Diverticula are frequently sites of inflammation.
Entry into middle age is disruptive for some persons.
In Class A amplifiers, the current conduction is continuous.
Intermediate-range nuclear missiles in Europe caused dissension.
His paintings, dispassionate and calm, are exceptional.
Government agents can arrest, search, and detain.
When police tried to disperse the rally, a bomb exploded.
Damping is the dissipation of the kinetic energy of the oscillator.
An example of the first method is cloud seeding.
Because of its isolation, few land mammals have come to Hawaii.
This fact became dismally clear during the Great Schism of the West.
Loons, also known as divers, belong to a single genus.
Chemical defenses often involve distasteful body secretions.
They include the dispersal in the air of particulate matter.
Beale crossed the continent six times as a dispatch carrier.
He began as a trumpeter with Lionel Hampton.
Gandhi was repeatedly imprisoned by the British.
True standing waves could not be excited because of dissipation.
Attempts have been made to diversify the island's economy.
The subject is divisible into geometrical electron optics.
This is why a painful toe injury altered Dizzy Dean's pitching.
In many ways the term iconoclasm is not an appropriate one.
He was a monk in his early years, but later left the monastery.
It thus wedges itself tightly into the opening.
Each pair of organisms is usually pointed at the distal ends.
Dissension arose, weakening Pueblo unity.
In the past, benzene was obtained from the distillation of coal.
During the 19th century, fresco fell into disuse.
Hood then tried a strategic diversion.
The site expands the distribution of the earliest human culture.
The seer knew the technical skills of divination.
His novels are verbal frescoes peopled with horrendous giants.
There are many different hypertension drugs..
They are diverse in habitat and are the most conspicuous algal type.
The final section, the distal convoluted tubule, is also convoluted.
The name dogfish is applied to at least three families of sharks.
One drug may displace another drug from plasma proteins.
Supposedly, it was distinguishable by a faint blue tint.
They are strong swimmers and divers, and feed chiefly on vegetation.
The Koreans successfully resisted these attacks.
The company also sells Colgate dental cream and Ultra Brite.
They are related to joint disorders.
The doctrine derives its name from Thomas Erastus.
He tried to divert some of Grant's strength.
He became more repressive and more inclined to self-enrichment.
Achievements there include discovery of the electron and neutron.
Distillation is the principal method for purifying liquid compounds.
In addition to containing material, it may serve as a measure.
Rivers and lakes are stocked with trout and sturgeon.
This experience stimulated the young Copernicus to study further.
Dissidence was now classified as counterrevolutionary.
Dissonance makes the music more interesting.
Such glazes fell into disuse soon after the T'ang.
The company began to diversify its activities after World War II.
He also ordered the governors to dismiss their mercenary armies.
Such animals as raccoons and foxes are also affected by distemper.
In his operas, Holst dealt with highly disparate subject matter.
The amplified signal is used to open the battery-to-coil circuit.
The oceans are also dissimilar to land and ice.
There are many Poison Control Centers.
At first, lightheadedness and dizziness occur.
Catacombs subsequently fell into disuse.
Kissinger's diplomacy was a politics of maneuver.
Hardly anything is known of him.
Fertilizers, plastics, and margarine are the major manufactures.
Magnesium deficiency results in weakness and dizziness.
Later, however, he boasted that he had saved himself.
Although some species are diurnal, most are nocturnal.
Job interviews today are often an oral quiz of mental ability.
Frequent fainting can be a sign of cardiovascular disease.
There are forces that dissipate energy.
After 23 BC, Horace's interests shifted back to the discursive mode.
With the exception of the state cement plant, these failed dismally.
The function of the saccule is not completely understood.
The distribution of amphibians is worldwide, except in Antarctica.
Cypress trees grow in the Dismal Swamp.
This participation, however, was not conciliatory but divisive.
It consists of two wires of dissimilar metals joined together.
No official record is kept, and whatever is said remains forever.
He received his doctorate at the University of Paris.
Groups of defenders converge on the intruders and dispatch them.
It also became a major defense contractor.
A smaller conference held in Paris was marked by disunity.
In some cases, skilled falsetto singers were available.
It is usually a flexible, long, slender tube.
He sought full divestment.
It readily forms the barium ion, which has a double-positive charge.
These shades are believed to be caused by chemical disequilibrium.
Early recorded examples include Chinese oracle bones.
Dos Santos joined the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola.
It receded into the diplomatic background.
It will disintegrate with prolonged exposure to moisture.
The surfactant lowers the surface tension of water.
The dense, medium-length coat may range from reddish to blue gray.
Gamma radiation is a form of energy dissipation.
Three types of Arianism emerged.
Maine's climate is characterized by rapid weather changes.
Senility is probably a distinctive condition.
The caliber of the debris becomes smaller and smaller.
The Romans profited from the disunity among their adversaries.
Some of these phyla are small in number.
A beam of coherent light can be sent over large distances.
Many visitors enjoy the cliff divers.
Multilevel marketing is a method of retailing products directly.
The dodo's plumage was largely ashy blue gray.
Both movements were tied more closely to local discontent.
Using the discursive, intimate approach, he established the model.
The symptoms of schizophrenia include delusions.
The system gradually fell into disuse.
Skim ice may form and dissipate several times.
The rider must throw the lariat, or rope, over the calf's neck.
Disruptive selection results in evolutionary changes.
Consequently, ionic bonds are relatively easy to disrupt.
Hence it is held by many to be authentic.
Landmarks include the 12th-century Romanesque cathedral.
The central region is the historical core of Thailand.
A world traveler, he often wrote about distant lands.
Sauces were merely bread-thickened broths.
In terms of outlays, households pay taxes to the government.
They were married by papal dispensation.
In 1978 he earned a doctorate in aerospace engineering.
Doe remained head of state.
Canine distemper is a highly  contagious viral infection.
The Dixie National Forest has the largest ponderosa pine stands.
Reproduction can be arranged in an evolutionary fashion.
Boric acid is obtained by the action of strong acids on borax.
The difference is merely linguistic.
This approach may include removal of the distal part of the stomach.
As in the West, there is folk music and religious music.
Computers are widely used in manufacturing.
Dissent was stifled by fear instilled through manipulation of voodoo.
Most species are quite docile.
The young fish descend the streams of their origin and disperse.
Rats, mice, and unconfined birds may come in contact with salmonella.
Regulation one is subject to distortion for political purposes.
A third, more distant star is also part of the Algol system.
In addition, of course, one must be trained as a diver.
The Civil War was a period of disruption and destruction.
The dispersal of urban areas led to a new type of social entity.
Disruptive selection involves various environmental factors.
Woodward claimed in the book that he had interviewed Casey.
AMC is the exclusive distributor of Renault cars in the US.
It sought to displace both the patricians and the Orangists.
Armadillos are nocturnal, burrowing New World mammals.
In "Death in Venice", the artist's longing for life is depicted.
It may consist of one element only.
The truth is difficult to disengage.
Many crustaceans have larval development stages that are planktonic.
Dissatisfaction culminated in the convention.
In this manner, the entire atmosphere is affected.
Diurnal temperature ranges may exceed 10 degrees.
His work is considered to mirror a distinctly American vision.
Christian societies have exhibited great variety in ethos.
Privilege is increasingly coming to be looked on with disfavor.
Early treatises on singing sometimes contain examples of diaphonia.
In the manic phase, the person is elated.
The medulla is not essential to life and can be removed.
Individuals are urged to look out for themselves.
Algae are worldwide in distribution, thriving in all bodies of water.
Its predecessor was known as the Austrian Empire.
The hollow, rigid stem is distinctly jointed and rich in silica.
Renaissance thought still portrayed women as dangerous.
Data on bird migration, dispersal, age, and behavior is collected.
Gravity waves in deep water are dispersive.
This will disrupt the flow of ions across the membrane.
Some lemurs are nocturnal.
Dislocations most commonly occur at the shoulders, fingers, and jaw.
After some fighting, Lee led a disorderly retreat.
The epithet refers to a group of American writers.
The dispersive action of a grating produces multiple spectra.
Bacteria are important industrially in the production of cheese.
He exaggerated the disengagement from European affairs.
Buddhism became the dominant religion.
Most kelps consist of at least three distinguishable parts.
In addition to metal cans, the company manufactures plastic.
The herds disperse at foaling time.
It may take place at any point in time.
Honegger was interested in polyphonic textures.
It resulted in a new dimension in documentary photography.
Nine years later, his association with the Manichees ended.
Keratin consists of helical chains of amino acids.
Diurnal species generally have rounded pupils.
What was once an underground ripple of dissent has now become a wave.
Colonial adventures, however, helped to exhaust the treasury.
It is now used as a disinfectant.
A number of disparate artistic currents and traditions coexisted.
Bismarck unified Germany and maintained European peace.
On the opposite side of the city a diversionary attack penetrated.
Polk's domestic program was enacted at the cost of much dissension.
The spinner's left hand fed the fibers into the spindle.
Dissidence grew along with popular frustration.
Each competing diver must perform compulsory dives.
The lake level has been dropping because of excessive outflow.
The sheet glass surface has a fine fire-polished finish.
She is probably best known for her long, experimental novel.
This vulnerability was because of economic and social dislocation.
Plants are used as food, shelter, and protection by the animals.
Davy, using a powerful battery, was able to make this amalgam.
Advocates of the structural approach rely on dams and reservoirs.
His music is often characterized by long, flowing melodic lines.
Efficiency can exceed 60%, but distortion is higher.
The color of the nose is fawn, tan, brown, or deep pink.
Deep-diving whales have adapted to their own unique problems.
His view is that the task of philosophy is not to dissect.
In vapor compression distillation, the vapor is compressed.
Examples are fruit flies that copulate for much longer than average.
These larval stages are responsible for dispersal.
Lead exists in the divalent or tetravalent oxidation state.
Such patterns of divergence are reflected in the biologists' scheme.
The harp had fallen into disuse.
Aleman viewed mankind as universally corrupt.
Plains animals depend less on coloration than on speed for survival.
Over land these clouds form most frequently during the day.
Recent studies show that diseased brains also metabolize glucose.
The objectives of that group were to inform the public.
The  results are a population increase and multiple divergence.
The leaves are distinguishable from those of the Ohio buckeye.
Modern Greece has had a disruptive internal history.
Cushing did not tolerate dissent within his archdiocese.
Many of his heroes act out his own formula for death.
Kimberly-Clark is a leading manufacturer of disposable goods.
During the war crown supporters suffered physical abuse.
Atrophy often results from disuse, as with muscles within a cast.
Like fear, it can cause a state of physical disturbance.
Some shipyards, however, were much larger.
Diurnal ranges are also broad.
The Roman victory was not due to superior numbers of troops.
This is thought to be due to what is called the diver's reflex.
The flower, surrounded by rough leaves, is usually purple.
Acidosis often accompanies certain diseases.
Other applications of borax include the impregnation of textiles.
Such disorders can appear when young women leave home.
They were married according to Roman Catholic rites.
The divided Whigs were defeated by Democrat Franklin Pierce.
Infinite sequences that have limits are called convergent.
It is a fairly stable molecule.
Refrigeration was especially important.
Adler received his doctorate at Columbia University.
The British planned to attack the United States in three main areas.
He published further selections of characteristic essays.
An anticyclone system has the opposite characteristics.
The government is also trying to diversify the economy.
The darter dives swiftly to spear fish.
He completed all requirements except a dissertation for a doctorate.
Aluminum chloride, when hydrated, is used in deodorants.
The classical serenade shares many features of the divertimento.
Honduras was the world's leading source of bananas until the 1950s.
Actually both points of view are correct.
Dissociative hysteria is marked by failures in attention and memory.
The poppy fruit is a capsule from which the seeds are released.
The fiasco bred extreme public distrust of state banking.
Solitaire is also the name for two species of extinct dodo birds.
The Food and Nutrition Service makes low-cost food available.
Divination includes all methods of fortune-telling.
All are aquatic, swimming and diving in rushing mountain streams.
The company began to diversify in 1977.
Most people experience fatigue and hypotension.
They often become dilated.
Many diurnal lizards have yellow oil in their retinal cones.
The force was deployed by the Security Council.
He began his career in the cinema as a film critic and scriptwriter.
In time, alchemy fell into disrepute.
Construction divers perform numerous underwater tasks.
To prevent the bends, divers time their rate of ascent.
This activity excited great interest in small, deep-diving research.
Then he began to introduce other sounds into his compositions.
Motion sickness is a syndrome of dizziness, nausea, and vomiting.
These opportunistic species usually have good means of dispersal.
The residue after distillation is called coal-tar pitch.
Distortion is the selective weakening of certain frequencies.
A final Townshend scheme reorganized the customs service in America.
For France, the war was economically debilitating.
A period of disorder followed.
The dismantling of segregation did not come about smoothly.
Three basic physical effects govern the distribution of wind.
DDT has come into disrepute.
The distortion is simplest when the particles are free.
The job of dismantling the old church was begun.
He grew up resenting his doctrinaire, unimaginative father.
The adult stage does little feeding and does not grow.
Therefore the symbols of disparate groups can be juxtaposed.
It has the power to dismiss the Commission on a motion of censure.
Hemoglobin also forms a strong complex with inhaled carbon monoxide.
The diversion dam supplies water from a stream to a canal system.
Sponge divers made the first great archaeological discoveries.
Shipyard divers are often employed to clean ships' hulls.
All parrot fish are diurnal and by night retire to caves.
A conglomerate is a large corporation.
Their long, sharp claws enable them to disembowel large animals.
Distemper is transmitted primarily by nose or eye discharges.
Civil disobedience is often an effective means of changing laws.
The political phase of the 1973 war ended with disengagement.
They are predators, and feared by divers.
Prosperity is widely shared, although little dissent is permitted.
The structural approach has been completely successful.
Guerrilla warfare is usually conducted by irregular forces.
Although dishonest, lotteries were popular in the United States.
Many wools are then carded.
Lucretia made her husband and father vow to avenge her dishonor.
The spacebands are returned to their box.
Bellflowers constitute a widely divergent genus.
Farmers have been paid directly for land diversion and conservation.
The discus throw employs a platelike implement weighing 2 kilograms.
More discerning readers responded to the deeper aspects of the poem.
Early nonspecific symptoms are faintness, dizziness, and staggering.
Bedding foliation develops in distinctly layered rock.
Such disturbances consist of wild swings of mood and disorientation.
Short-term memory appears to be related to speech.
He was apparently the first of the traveling virtuosos.
He contributed a series of distinctly indigenous works.
Amphitheaters fell into disuse after the 5th century.
The object of the patrol function is to disperse the police.
In general, nocturnal primates are less gregarious.
The bill of lading was originally an ocean freight document.
The art of El Greco was neglected for three centuries.
The quantities of each form fluctuate diurnally and seasonally.
He negotiated the Axis pact with Nazi Germany.
Its early development was hampered by poor organization.
The working of early glass is distinctive.
The distributor receives a high-energy spark from a coil.
The distributor has a stationary contact point mounted on a base.
In it he advocated investment and crop diversification.
Any communication between a lawyer and a client is privileged.
It is distinguished from neurosis.
Cultural exclusivity contributes to the provincialism of peasants.
His next campaign was against the Ostrogoths in Italy.
This central region is surrounded by areas of dissimilar topography.
Several billion dollars are spent on public relations every year.
German troops completed the dismemberment.
Central nervous system symptoms appear with headache.
Vichy attempted haltingly to consummate a national revolution.
This disequilibrium may be due to impact by charged particles.
With a versatile use of disobedience, Gandhi led the campaign.
This disillusionment found reflection in the legislative.
Lewis here employs the same dispassionate scrutiny.
They are commonly terrestrial, diurnal, and solitary.
Symptoms of anemia include pale skin, weakness and fatigue.
They also took a disproportionate share of the blame.
It makes grants to private and public organizations.
The most common form of disposition is burial.
He also spoke out repeatedly against mob violence.
People flock from the countryside to the cities.
The constitution was amended to disenfranchise the Coloured.
The foundation also promotes programs in science education.
The disenchantment with form continued during the following period.
Air distribution systems fall into many different types.
This prism does not disperse light into its colors.
Few patients die from such diseases.
Many such plants are used as sacraments.
The second conception, however, is backwards.
The name Pluto means "rich one."
That year he managed the Minnesota Twins to a divisional title.
Literary criticism is the study of the document itself.
Most metropolitan areas have at least one art museum.
The corps, however, soon fell into disuse and was abolished.
The instrument is set before climbing commences.
Several factors led to the development of new mathematics curricula.
He makes use of widely disparate material.
This resulted in high bread prices.
It is obtained from dried, ripe seeds of several tropical species.
The service offered by such centers was called selective.
The term "cancer" always denotes a malignant neoplasm.
The dissident literary trend grew stronger under the Brezhnev.
After 1917, expressionist drama dominated the German theater.
Symptoms include wheezing, shortness of breath, and dizziness.
His conducting experience undoubtedly influenced his return.
She was strongly attached to the Whig prime minister Lord Melbourne.
The service sector of the state's economy shows increased strength.
Thermal pollution is the discharge of waste heat via energy.
The nuclear age has brought a great form of energy to humans.
Ale yeast ferments at higher temperatures than lager.
Substances are ranked according to a system of toxicity ratings.
At this time the art of engraving on metal was perfected.
He termed the lack of such consistency dissonance.
It is, however, a distinctly Argentine Spanish.
The book consists of flashbacks over a long life of quiet dignity.
Anatomy was taught and animal dissection conducted.
Since the late 1940s, however, that trend has been reversed.
Economic dislocation caused widespread hardship.
Washington was reelected president in 1792.
More than 90% of the people of Bangladesh are Bengalis.
Modern collectors are a large and varied group.
The USSR is perhaps the most doctrinaire socialist state.
The instrument fell into disuse before the end of the 18th century.
Throughout his reign, Charles had to struggle against Viking raiders.
Such a perforation is called diverticulitis.
Swift's topical allusions now require learned explanation.
Many of them fell into disuse.
The Californian barely missed qualifying for the Olympics.
Side effects include sedation, nausea, and dizziness.
Although shy and bookish, Leibniz knew no master in disputation.
Reports exist of his dispatch of envoys to Babylon.
Cremation is the disposal of a corpse by fire or intense heat.
Segments of diseased arteries can be removed.
Expression is watched by the state, and dissent is proscribed.
Fully privileged membership is restricted to licensed dentists.
Their exact mechanism of action is unknown.
The dithyramb was originally a Greek choric hymn.
Carnivals reached a peak of riotous dissipation.
Fisher reacted strongly against the spread of Lutheranism.
The distant past is no longer a major concern.
In principle, distillation is a simple process.
The referendum was carried out peacefully.
His greatest failure was his inability to dissuade India.
At the height of his career, Cosby curtailed his schedule.
Glacial disruption of drainage left much poorly drained land.
The reliability of water treatment increased greatly.
Features of Italian Renaissance style were adopted at first.
Arnold of Villanova described distillation of wine.
Dissatisfaction erupted during the revolution.
Their art forms include numerous masks and figures.
Their most striking feature is their large ears.
Fruits promote seed dispersal and seed germination.
Enclosure of lands, however, served to displace farmers.
Black bears still inhabit the mountains and the Dismal Swamp.
Radium, a radioactive element, is found in low concentrations.
The 18th Olympics included wrestling and a pentathlon.
These engines are not able to start under a load.
Air embolisms may occur in deep-sea divers who ascend too quickly.
President Reagan issued a denial on December first.
Most of the state has only two distinguishable seasons.
Following World War I, oil and gas began to displace coal.
Many comets, especially short-period ones, slowly disintegrate.
The fibers were pulled by hand from a bundle of carded fibers.
The breathing medium reaches the diver from compressors on the deck.
Signs of a limb fracture may include pain and swelling.
The rest is retained by management to meet financial contingencies.
The liver is able to regenerate itself after being injured.
The result has been the broadening of anthropological studies.
These early styles evolved into distinctly American forms.
Dams are classified in many ways.
The refusal to bear arms reemerged among many dissenting sects.
His musical language remained rooted in tonality.
Dispersal is achieved by the planktonic larva.
Unlike true goats, they lack beards.
Deep valleys dissect the plateau edge.
In nocturnal species, the diurnal pattern is reversed.
At one time it was used as a stimulant and a diuretic.
In some species the doe must hide its young for days or weeks.
The latter helped negotiate the 1778 pact with France.
Arkose is a coarse-grained sandstone.
Homeostasis has also been applied to cognition.
None of the boundaries is clearly definable.
Ethnographic film is another form of documentation.
It exists in two distinctly different crystal forms.
The fossil fauna is of the characteristic Lower Pleistocene type.
They settled along the Fox and Wisconsin rivers.
Birds are responsible for their dispersal.
Doe assumed full governmental powers.
At first the doge was a nearly absolute ruler.
This pope approved new religious orders like the Jesuits.
Angiosperms are the most highly evolved plants.
He wrote dissonant, atonal music.
Their presence has lent a distinctly Cuban aspect to the culture.
Banished from the colony, he formed a dissident church.
Their critics said that fraternities and sororities divided colleges.
Meese stated that North had been in charge of the diversion.
The FLN also used terroristic and revolutionary war tactics.
All joints of the body are vulnerable to injury.
Disorders of the cerebral hemispheres are characterized by seizures.
Alcids are fisheaters and catch their prey by diving and pursuing it.
Mann alludes to the decline of a diseased Western civilization.
His subsequent writings covered a wide canvas.
The samara also is usually one-seeded and has a winglike outgrowth.
The cities were often troubled by violent and divisive rivalries.
Seeds can now be pelleted with a protective material.
They temporarily displace the astral body of a living person.
Both species are soluble in the solvent carbon disulfide.
A diverticulum is a localized outpouching of the gut.
The new faith did not displace Hinduism at upper levels.
Distemper is a general term for three animal diseases.
To produce cellophane, wood pulp is reacted with 20 percent sodium.
It was distinctly reformed in its stress on the omnipotent.
Douglas and Justice Arthur Goldberg also invoked the 9th Amendment.
These countries had emerged wholly or in part from the dismemberment.
The reforms were too much for some and not enough for others.
Acne is a disorder of the sebaceous glands of the skin.
The laws of inheritance regulate the disposition of private property.
Coal tar is a viscous liquid mixture of hydrocarbon compounds.
This creditable record contradicted the general dismay expressed.
Bone dislocation is painful but usually less so than a fracture.
Sometimes IUDs are expelled prematurely or cause uterine infection.
Their efforts to withhold information are usually thwarted.
Abel was known for his lack of pretension and for his tolerance.
Scribes made up to 2,000 copies to dispatch throughout the empire.
The population reached its greatest size in the early 1970s.
Opponents appealed to disparate interests among these groups.
The reasons for this disparity are unknown.
A charter is a document issued by a sovereign government.
The revolt also intensified widespread feelings of distrust.
For example, he worries about death and how best to prepare for it.
Paralegals or lay advocates in the public sector assist clients.
The 19th and 20th centuries have produced a number of epic poems.
Hitler regarded Japan as a buffer against the United States.
The disorder may be congenital.
Many schools of social work also offer doctoral-level education.
Such systems are maintained at the cost of energy.
Such active volcanic regions appear mostly along the borders.
Disinfection is the destruction of pathogenic organisms.
Instruction is carried out through lectures.
The king holds executive power.
Atheism was also dangerous to the political authority.
Its leaders then began to discourage dissections.
He spent the  remainder of his career defending the right of slavery.
Ingested in even moderate amounts, it lowers one's inhibitions.
He also relaxed censorship somewhat.
Psychopaths commit a disproportionate number of crimes.
Thought disorder is intellectual disorganization.
The vast majority of the Cherokee Nation repudiated this document.
He attended Imperial College of the University of London.
The young von Braun was placed in charge of rocket development.
To confuse the Axis troops, Montgomery began a vast deception.
His socialism became diluted by his advocacy of a mixed economy.
Since 1973, many tankers have been in disuse.
Then commenced 300 years of political fragmentation.
Research supports the probability of a genetic defect.
In English practice a brief is a document prepared by the solicitor.
Juniper leaves have powerful diuretic properties.
Dissension between liberals and conservatives broke into civil war.
In such a metamorphosis the larva is the nutritive stage.
The company also makes lumber and pulpwood.
Textiles are by far the leading product.
Because of his friendship with James, Penn was accused of treason.
These three stages in marriage are almost universally recognizable.
Throughout the preceding night, paratroops were dropped inland.
Lewis had been an accompanist and arranger for Dizzy Gillespie.
Adverse reactions to diuretics include dizziness and numbness.
The distal tubule regulates the overall acidity of the urine.
He next directed a tough, socially conscious documentary.
The migrations seem to be a dispersal of young adult locusts.
The projector assembly may be tilted to represent the sky.
The BBC consciously tries to raise the public standard of taste.
Hoverflies are harmless and not protected by distasteful qualities.
This rapid growth created a prosperous middle class.
The hospital provides documentation of its compliance with JCAH.
There are no problems with heat dissipation or hot spots.
Alcoholism is, therefore, a very complex disorder.
His harmony is often dissonant, full of irregular chords and tone.
The dukes of Burgundy and Orleans struggled for power.
The Constitution does not stipulate the size of the Court.
Dissident painters, however, insist on full freedom of expression.
Pemberton needed a diversion to loosen the bonds at Vicksburg.
Metaphysical poems depended heavily on irony and paradox.
A confidence game is any trick, device, or swindling operation.
The president may appoint vice-presidents and the cabinet.
More than 8,000 newspapers are published daily.
The two chains are linked by two disulfide bridges.
The art of engraving was also developed in France by foreign artists.
The presence of argon in air was suggested by Henry Cavendish.
The dissimilarity continues northeastward along the western edge.
Disk brakes dissipate heat rapidly.
Spectacular divers, they plunge from heights of 15 meters or more.
In his paintings, Dix used an expressionistic distortion of space.
It had punched-card input and output.
Seebeck failed to understand the basic nature of his discovery.
It was also a principal place of disembarkation for travelers.
Greyhound began to diversify in the 1960s.
Any factor of a natural number "a" is also a divisor of "a".
Civil disobedience is nearest to passive resistance.
Years later he expressed his disenchantment.
Dissections were sometimes performed.
Minds are indivisible, whereas bodies are infinitely divisible.
Among butterflies, the North American monarch is poisonous.
Both experiments failed because of dissension.
A budget is a statement of anticipated income.
McDowell removed a diseased ovary.
His endeavor to control the army antagonized its leaders.
Under the influence of electric fields, electrons move freely.
Marx continued to write treatises on socialism.
This program sought to make use of China's rural manpower surplus.
Oil, first discovered in 1931, was Bahrain's principal product.
Joy replaced gloom, and the threat of disunion was ended.
The high-voltage surges are distributed to the spark plugs.
Eddies and storms form and  dissipate, some lasting only a few days.
Threats from the Greeks and Egyptians failed.
In 1940 he voted against dissolution of the Third Republic.
This lack of national unity proved beneficial.
Religious fervor yielded to disinterest and skepticism.
He overcame his own doubts about the possibly dishonest dealings.
Today, the distinction between media is being blurred.
Dissension within OPEC over policy led to differing prices.
The more primitive vascular plants lack seeds.
Their traditional religion involves spirit worship and divination.
Tincture of iodine has been used as a disinfectant.
Less disruptive of street use is the so-called Milan method.
Pathogens on woody perennials often survive in localized areas.
The disorder may follow damage to the dominant hemisphere.
This tendency toward dispassionate observation was reinforced.
It can develop in both divers and fliers.
Chlorine is the most commonly used disinfectant.
His younger characters are usually portrayed as victims.
The Aqualung has made recreational diving possible for thousands.
Da Gama's success led to the dispatch of another Portuguese fleet.
Diverticulosis is an acquired disorder.
The English House of Commons began to pass bills of attainder.
The Levelers' aims are not easy to disentangle.
His moderation lost him the support of the radicals.
Oysters are gathered by dragnets or by pearl divers.
The host birds do not dispose of the imposed egg.
For a while, irony was associated with a dissembler.
Thus, the wing and tail are analyzed.
The spore mass contains sterile cells known as elaters.
An abstract, in law, is a summary of a case or a document.
The Elizabethan Age was characterized by pride and self-confidence.
An explosive diversification of species occurred at this point.
Dogbane, or Indian hemp, is an herb of the dogbane family.
King was the chief advocate of nonviolent civil disobedience.
Shaft tunneling is the least disruptive but most costly means.
A genuine allergy may cause rash, hives, itching or wheezing.
Swinburne's craftsmanship is often overelaborate in the long lines.
The berm is the nearly horizontal portion of exposed beach.
Fillmore, although against slavery, opposed the abolitionists.
Surface painting became increasingly important.
Fellowships are granted for undergraduate and graduate work.
Salvage divers remove valuable or potentially polluting cargos.
They are all reactive and have a distinctive property.
The canisters would not remain intact forever.
The technique was common until the 8th century.
Solid lubricants include inorganic compounds such as graphite.
In this sense, exorcism is a kind of prayer for healing.
Each distributor is encouraged to recruit and train.
Some did this enthusiastically.
It feeds underwater on fish, crustaceans, and other aquatic life.
A hypothesis is formulated as to why the outbreak occurred.
Efficiency can reach 85%, but distortion is very high.
On the first occasion he set down his ideas in a memorandum.
On the second day, Confederate attacks on the Union flanks failed.
The cabinet is responsible to the legislature.
Dressage saddles are similar to saddle-seat tack.
Ductility is expressed as the percentage of elongation at fracture.
The colonists were an expanding and maturing people.
In the 15th century the duchy became closely linked to France.
Macaques have brown or black fur,  doglike muzzles, and pink skin.
It uses rules derived from the medical domain to reason backward.
Along smaller streams dogwood, redbud, and hackberry can be found.
Dominance then passed to the more northerly region.
However, unlike calcite,  dolomite's sedimentary origin is enigmatic.
Drilling is the process of producing a cylindrical hole in wood.
The topsoil is first removed and stockpiled for later reclamation.
The west and southwestern areas are the driest regions.
Hybrids of the horse and the donkey include the mule.
The derrick supports the rigging that raises and lowers the drill.
Accordingly, he also wrote primitive propaganda doggerel.
Dowry and marriage settlements were permitted.
The main side effect is drowsiness.
He confidently expressed the luxurious character of the court.
Donne was fully prepared for his own death.
At the present time there are no commercial uses of metallic radium.
Both volcanoes are now dormant.
Strictly enforced codes of conduct were eventually introduced.
Genoa is noted for its medieval, Renaissance, and baroque palaces.
Pavlov was a severe critic of all the schools of psychology.
Folding reflects the ductile behavior of rocks.
When James became king, he appointed Andros governor.
Old Corinth was founded by Dorian invaders in the 8th century BC.
Palladium is a soft, white, ductile metallic chemical element.
The Dominion government collapsed.
Silt blows out of deserts and is trapped.
Indiana's songwriters include Cole Porter and Hoagy Carmichael.
The myrtle was Aphrodite's sacred tree, and the dove her sacred bird.
He worked as a commercial artist for some years.
Metals are characterized by their weakly bound outermost electrons.
Dosimeters function by using the long-term effects of radiation.
Its use requires an approximate doubling of the exposure.
He was immediately successful.
Drake had to put down a mutiny off the Patagonian coast.
Camouflage changed dramatically during World War I.
Two species occur in North  America.
It was riding a wave of affluence such as it had never dreamed of.
Julius Caesar then invaded Egypt and defeated Ptolemy, who drowned.
Fjords are glaciated valleys invaded and drowned by the sea.
Smaller species are often called doves.
The driest areas surround the Thames estuary.
Alternative energy resources are drawing increased attention.
He is best known for his novel The Duel.
Dreamy and bookish, he soon wearied of college life and enlisted.
Nonprescription drugs must have package labeling.
Great emphasis was placed on individual and group wealth.
Flowers are borne in slender clusters, and the fruit is berrylike.
Such alloys yield a ductile material used as wire.
The English word yurt is borrowed from the Russian yurta.
But Cornwallis refused to leave.
Like opinions and beliefs, attitudes are more differentiated.
Manzanilla is the palest and driest sherry.
Doggerel is verse that is monotonous.
The lake is flanked on both sides by unfolded anticlinal ridges.
He first agreed to alliance with both Russia and Germany.
An authoritarian personality is dogmatic and prejudiced.
He drowned himself near Cornwall.
When moist tropical air descends, it becomes hotter and drier.
The oracle is finally reached only at the end of the fifth book.
Thus the same dosage of drug may have different effects.
Certainly British leaders had lost all enthusiasm.
The duchy was created in the early 12th century.
The rough collie was used as a shepherd's dog.
It evolved as a four-engine aircraft.
Its depth decreases and width increases.
This deformation strengthens a ductile material.
He met the pianist Dave Brubeck at San Francisco State College.
Greater amounts occur at higher elevations.
Some details of the legend are of doubtful authenticity.
Drake was born in Devonshire about 1541.
Other researchers have suggested a computerlike function.
The Donatists established their own communities.
The doubly positive manganese ion has a light pink color in water.
Protestants customarily include the doxology in their recitation.
The first spine of the dorsal fin is hollow.
It is thus opposed to dogmatism.
When the motor activity stops, the patient may be in a coma.
Dalmatian, a Romance language, died out in 1898.
Brooms are native to the warmer and drier regions of Eurasia.
Downhill is an all-out speed event.
Most South African manufactured goods are marketed domestically.
Possibly he still longed for a negotiated peace.
July and August are the wettest months.
Such rites dramatize the power of older over younger males.
This Egyptocentric hyperdiffusionist dogma is no longer fashionable.
Cannabis has been smoked, eaten in cakes, and drunk in beverages.
Most cars have the engine at the front with the driving wheels at the rear.
Most are drab, with shades of brown, tan, gray, or black.
The intensity of these debates has increased in times of war.
Modern dredges may be mechanical, hydraulic, or a combination.
The mill cities grew rapidly, sometimes doubling their population.
He was killed in a duel.
The long duel with France was over.
Such attempts to reach the mantle are now being made on dry land.
In despair, he drowned himself.
It is the driving force of all life processes.
His short lyrics combine intense passion and bold imagery.
Flaps increase aerodynamic lift and drag and are used during takeoff.
Dreaming occurs spontaneously as part of the normal sleep cycles.
The northern parts of the Coast Ranges are forested.
The scraper, or dragline, dredge carries a toothed bucket or scoop.
Four cups of wine are drunk at various moments in the ceremony.
The drawn-out struggle made Johnson even more secretive and dogmatic.
Coal with less moisture is called bituminous.
Dormancy may affect the entire plant or just parts of it.
They are drab, mottled birds with short, wide bills.
Attlee served as an officer in World War I.
Annealing is a method of heating and cooling a metal.
In addition, it has several luxurious private resort hotels.
On the offensive, a player may advance the ball by passing or dribbling.
An increasing number of cars are being made with the engine in the rear.
Nevertheless, within a decade he had gained a lofty reputation.
Dramamine is effective against both nausea and vertigo.
This act marked the end of the Aztec empire.
Internally, the driving force for change came from Canada West.
He was dogged by ill luck.
It reduces combustion noise and transfers heat downstream.
He wore a distinctive, colorful uniform.
His summaries of Aristotle reveal a Neoplatonic outlook.
He opposed much of Woodrow Wilson's program.
The chronology of his early life is controversial.
Their dorsal and anal fins are set far back near the tail.
This duality made him the patron deity of twins.
Ever since, Lutheranism has been known as doctrinal.
Donor mothers and their milk are screened for certain diseases.
After serving as a ducal architect in Mantua, he went to Vienna.
An opacified or markedly distorted cornea now can be replaced.
Testing for strength and ductility is conducted in a tensile machine.
It is a state of dread and discomfort.
Drypoint is a technique of engraving.
No pressing need for preservation existed at first.
Connecticut did submit to the dominion.
The indri has a laryngeal air sac, or throat pouch.
His wife's suicide drove him to search for new meaning in life.
Hormones act slowly and their effects are long lasting.
Cavallini probably also contributed to the frescoes in Santa Maria.
Charles is known as the Merry Monarch.
They built huge wooden dugout canoes and multifamily plank houses.
This drawback is overcome by the use of negative feedback.
The San Andreas Fault is a major fracture in the earth.
Ductile, as opposed to brittle, processes dominate.
It functioned by water dripping through a hole in the base.
He was a farsighted diplomat and a party leader.
A moderate Whig, he was hostile to many important new poets.
It is used as a saltwater drilling mud.
There he came into contact with members of the Dominican order.
These electrons constitute the conduction band.
Antecedents of the anti-hero can be found in folk literature.
However, Berber antagonism to Arab dominance grew.
His human rights policy annoyed the leaders of the USSR.
The taming action actually constitutes a play-within-the-play.
No neuter gender exists, and the dual appears only in rare forms.
In cyclostomes and fish, the heart drives blood through the gills.
Elements such as tin, lead, and aluminum are added to copper.
Evolving along with the modern horse were other species of Equus.
The donor is usually a government or international organization.
Aden, a drab city, is hot and extremely dry.
They also continued to practice old Celtic paganism and Druidism.
Cholera, tuberculosis, leprosy, and malaria occur widely.
The soft-coated Wheaten terrier has long been used as a drover.
The element has a hardness of three.
Dominoes are rectangular tiles of wood, ivory, bone, or plastic.
The Takla Makan is Asia's driest desert.
Thor is identified with Donar, the thunder god.
A system of donation land claims was set up.
The Barber of Seville is one of the few great comic operas.
The most important magnesium minerals are brucite and dolomite.
Psychologists have also studied automatic writing and drawing.
Alkene hydrocarbons are much more chemically reactive.
The grab dredge is a derrick mounted on a barge.
She remained in mourning until her own death.
Convinced that Porgy will never return, Bess goes to New York City.
He fancied himself to be a new Alexander the Great.
It does have its drawbacks, however.
Many of the limestone chambers in the caverns surpass heights of forty-three feet.
Reduplication is the doubling of all or part of a word.
Arithmetic for the Egyptians was essentially additive.
It is commonly used by commercial artists to facilitate drawing.
The system's major drawback has been its complexity.
The destroyed tissue is removed and replaced by a new joint.
Draftsmanship is paramount even in his paintings.
Chaparral is bordered by grasslands and coastal sage scrub.
The Romanesque style was international.
Turkish domination was effectively ended in 1830.
Active and dormant volcanoes occur within the rift valleys.
Albanian nationalism revived in the early 19th century.
He constructed a model from two coffee tins and a hair dryer.
Most rain falls in late spring and early summer.
The first bucket-equipped dredge powered by steam was built that year.
Etching is frequently used in conjunction with other techniques.
High-level wastes in aqueous solution would be evaporated.
His wife died soon after his son, Diego, was born.
Some shrubs used for landscaping are considered trees.
Calcite is the dominant mineral.
Among the numerous flowering plants found are mountain laurel.
Most early carnivores were doglike and catlike.
French influence became stronger as the century progressed.
New comics abounded.
The Aswan Dam and Lake Nasser now regulate the flow of water.
A series of imperial victories drove the Turks from Hungary.
Here the lattice comprises doubly charged calcium ions.
Careful control of dosage is necessary.
The double bond can readily be oxidized.
The deciduous alternate leaves are short stalked and ovate.
Estuaries are drowned coastal river valleys.
Their warnings of doom had been fulfilled.
On many fighter-bomber aircraft they are mounted in the fuselage.
World War II permanently ended direct Western domination of Asia.
Most damasks are used for table linens.
This would have the effect of awakening the dreamer.
He was uninterested in relationships of form and color.
Mesopotamians raised wheat and other cereal grains.
Another drastic ice age occurred six hundred and eighty million years ago.
Water vapor is almost totally absent near the winter polar cap.
Layers of metal atoms can be shifted or displaced.
Chlorine is one of the most important basic chemicals.
This affords a rough means of classifying the head shape.
The council formally condemned the Robber Synod.
Double duct systems supply hot and cold air.
With rainfall, recovery is rapid, as the dormant plants resume growth.
Waterman's reservoir was filled by squeezing ink into it.
He was a Dorian.
This army ultimately drove out the various Allied occupying forces.
Burgundy's northern territories passed to Habsburg rule.
These tragic events are the subject of a trilogy.
He was active in Florentine politics.
Drowsiness is an unexplained common side effect of these drugs.
Indus civilization had two major urban centers.
Dominance in certain events was gained, maintained, and then lost.
In the first stage of pleurisy, dryness occurs in localized areas.
It became a duchy in 1360.
His impact is largely felt through David Hume.
Wines of this period were bottled while still fermenting.
Native vegetation is basically hardwood.
The next major voyage along the coast was made by the English.
He deals with weighty public issues.
He served as minister of militia and defense in the first dominion.
These yield a red or greenish berrylike fruit called a drupe.
Boswell dogged Johnson's footsteps, taking down verbatim what he said.
Northern Burma is the driest area.
Metals in this condition are said to be ductile and easily worked.
They are point-to-point driving competitions.
She made numerous films during the next two decades.
The corolla may be radially symmetrical.
It is doubtful whether this tradition is still justified.
The league was successful in driving the Persians from the Aegean.
Workable deposits of gypsum, dolomite, and barites have been found.
Dormouse is the common name of several species of rodents.
The region was under Spartan domination from the 5th century BC.
Vegetation is characterized by a dominance of hard-leaf evergreen.
Electron optics is based on the principle of wave-particle duality.
He was secretary to the dramatist Ben Jonson.
Boxers fought with leather bands around their fists for protection.
Dragonhead is the common name of several annual or perennial plants.
The valves are held closed by two large muscles.
Relative humidity is the most widely used humidity indicator.
His landscapes and figure paintings frequently distort nature.
Critics of the nomination called Bork an ultraconservative.
They used dugout canoes for lake and river transport.
He had introduced the dreadnought battleship.
The bacterium remains dormant in some of these cankers.
He has also written several Broadway plays.
A drag meet will include several heats.
Four main forces act on an aircraft.
The disguise is necessitated by high levels of anxiety.
Spinoza still sees a dualism.
The city has grown rapidly, doubling its size since World War II.
By 1873 he had put together the rest of the dominion.
Females of both species are drab olive and yellow.
Palm fruit is botanically a berry, nut, or drupe.
Gradually, they expanded  downstream.
He calculated a numerical constant that governs the doubling process.
Old Aberdeen developed around the Cathedral.
The drilling began in 1968, using the ship Glomar Challenger.
Viewed dorsally, the head is obvious.
The dropout rate is about 10 percent.
Asses are readily domesticated and are often called donkeys.
Iron or manganese may substitute for magnesium in dolomite.
Tourists are attracted by the many medieval buildings.
Athens, which was immune from Dorian conquest, was the embarkation point.
Before then, fashion had been a matter of dressmaking.
The three-day event is the most demanding.
Scientists had long dreamed of duplicating the work of the silkworm.
Mild steels are ductile and are fabricated into sheets or wire.
The heat of the coals drove the moist sap into the unburned portions.
Then he tries to pass himself off as a music master.
Even the roots are able to withstand long exposure to dryness.
They are long-bodied fish with a long dorsal fin.
Other minor depressions include the Tobago Basin.
Some songs are conceived during visionary or dreamlike states.
Specific activity is often expressed as dps or dpm.
Fending for himself from age 15, he became a druggist's apprentice.
Chordates are characterized by the possession of a notochord.
His historical novels owed a debt to Sir Walter Scot.
Shelley was buried in the same cemetery in which Keats had been buried.
Overall, the British had thirty-seven capital ships at sea.
The embryos of most seed plants are not self-dormant.
The tree-climbing robber crab feeds on coconut.
The town, however, continued to be inhabited.
Each island is domestically independent and has its own assembly.
In Roman mythology, Janus was the doorkeeper of heaven.
The white flowers are small and numerous, and the fruit is a drupe.
Its use today is relatively minor in clothing.
Medically, these drugs are used to induce sleep.
The skates, rays, and sharks have from five to seven gill slits.
It provides a wide range of services for veterans.
It did arrange for auditing most of the war debts.
It may cause death, although a person generally becomes unconscious.
Hamilton's own career was terminated prematurely.
This style originated in Britain.
They are important in maintaining the dominance of some plant buds.
Dorian finally tears the canvas with a dagger.
The sequence of beats serves as a framework.
Dualisms are of two basic kinds, metaphysical and epistemological.
Each egg contains an oil droplet and tends to float at a depth of 7 feet.
The number of available adoptees has thus shrunk dramatically.
The dropout rate is just over 5%.
The resulting low-level winds depart from geostrophic balance.
One night a tempest arose and Leander drowned.
Adler held that the supreme goal of human life is ethical endeavor.
Electrolysis deeply influenced the thinking of chemists of the time.
Several distinct schools of interpretation emerged.
Canaanite culture was shaped by geography.
A drawback of Prolog is that it cannot be altered by the programmer.
Knowledge of the causes and control of cancer has increased.
This dreamlike subject matter inspired most of his later work.
These species are mostly terrestrial or semiaquatic.
In western Ohio limestone and dolomite are widespread.
It existed in Mycenaean times and retained its importance.
The driest of continents, Australia must carefully regulate its water.
Molecular fields cause half the triple-positive ions to line up.
England acquired it as a part of the dowry.
Many factors are involved in dormancy.
He patented his high-pressure steam engine.
The dualism of bush and village is pervasive in Africa.
Coronets are smaller gold crowns.
A doxology is a short prayer or hymn of praise.
Unlike many large Japanese cities, Yokohama is a drab city.
A typical attribute of Newspeak is doublethink.
Her subjects have been varied.
The Howard family continues to the present.
With increasing dryness, shortgrass vegetation prevails.
Montana's tourist attractions include Glacier National Park.
It produces drowsiness or sleep and is also used as a preanesthetic.
Maturation is primarily the domain of medical science.
External stimuli such as a spray of water do not initiate dreaming.
Don Miguel, however, failed to honor his side of the agreement.
Water is slower to heat and cool than land.
The duchy became a possession of the French ducal house.
He worked as a jazz and concert pianist.
The pure metal is gray, heavy, and hard.
Morbidity and mortality from illegal abortions began to decline.
The former passes posteriorly along the dorsal surface.
The doctrine was defined as a dogma binding on Catholics.
Thrust and drag work against each other, as do gravity and lift.
If a human drinks salt water, thirst will be aggravated.
When a copyright expires, the work enters the public domain.
Battleships grew steadily in size and power.
A Virginia law assumed Africans would remain servants for life.
Plants become dormant in the dry seasons.
It is known that oak trees and mistletoe played an important part.
They are also imbued with Catholic dogma.
Descartes's dualism of mind and body is reflected here.
At twenty-one he suffered the first of two mental breakdowns.
The teeth are strong and sharp, and the fish has two dorsal fins.
Dogwood is a genus of mostly small trees and shrubs.
The coat is double-layered with wooly under-hair and a coarse outer-hair.
In large packs, however, it is doubtful that many wolves breed.
Men take multiple wives.
The John Dory is occasionally found near the surface.
A duel is a fight between two persons with weapons.
Feather stars swim by rapidly thrashing their arms upwards.
The drab green jointed stems are almost prostrate.
The alteration of amino acids can have a drastic effect.
Flood-control dams impound water at times of flood.
Each type of instrument has a specific musical role.
Much of his work explores the world of childhood.
Don Giovanni also lavishes his attentions on a peasant girl.
The fruit is a large, single-seeded drupe with a hard stony shell.
Michel's works are generally more classical.
In addition, caves may contain beds of silt or mud.
Working operations include forging, rolling,  drawing, and extruding.
Utah is the second driest state in the nation.
When standing rigging was made of rope it tended to stretch.
Of these boundaries, the most important is death.
The donkey, or burro, is a hoofed, herbivorous mammal.
The adult male mandrill has a long, narrow muzzle with ribbed cheeks.
Erasmus calls for a simple, pious, and industrious life.
Heat-treated alloys are generally stronger and more ductile.
The genus is characterized by large olive-green scales.
Dualisms are distinguished from monisms.
These rocks form vast deposits.
The umbra is surrounded by a somewhat less dark annular region.
The dominance of the primary system became complete.
Some geysers erupt regularly, others sporadically.
Once the drummer starts performing, he plays one cycle after another.
Other significant operas followed in the next few years.
Iraq gained formal independence in 1921.
A substantial dowry enhanced her attractiveness as a spouse.
Drypoint is favored by many modern printmakers.
The contrast in ductility between adjacent beds is important.
The dryness of the mouth gives rise to the impulse to drink.
He is an English dramatist and screenwriter.
Dugout canoes were employed in summer.
Some forms of toxicity are simply extensions of desired effects.
The most important accent occurs on the very first beat.
Pure magnesium is a silvery white, soft, ductile, malleable metal.
He began by centralizing governmental administration.
The magnetosphere has an extensive tail.
Bluff land hardwoods include oak, maple, dogwood, and tulip.
It is not hard to imagine a small, isolated, and homogeneous society.
This design minimizes the spattering and dribbling of the pigment.
The interior plains have a middle-latitude steppe-type climate.
The next year he sailed under John Hawkins on an expedition.
These accumulate, along with large amounts of associated limestone.
In addition to his operas, he wrote much incidental music.
It is ductile, nonmagnetic, and an excellent conductor of heat.
To generate hydroelectric power, reservoirs are kept as full as possible.
Sediment was long the major pollutant.
A nerve-racking drumbeat persists throughout the drama.
These posts afforded him, nevertheless, invaluable training.
The islands became part of the medieval duchy of Normandy.
Solemn, life-size clay figures suggest deity impersonators.
Liberals protested its dogmatism.
The stories give life to the toys.
He perfected new techniques of application.
The fishing industry has expanded dramatically.
Then he made a marathon film comeback.
Next to dreaming, hypnosis has been the most widely investigated.
Like tunas, they have two dorsal fins followed by finlets.
She later starred in such films as Some Came Running.
These films gave way to a succession of melodramas.
Dresser improved the coupling when he introduced flanges.
The ray is a modified portion of the dorsal fin.
His early successes tended to neutralize that faction.
The fruit is a berrylike drupe.
It is usually written with doggerel regularity.
It is much like the horse in size and body shape.
The name Arkansas is derived from a Quapaw Indian word.
Note that strength is the stress required for failure.
It was laid out as Lynchville in 1786.
He is a superb draftsman.
Theoretical cubism soon became too formalized and dogmatic.
Under normal circumstances, groundwater will flow downhill.
The Burmans drove out most Indian residents.
Pythagoras of Samos posited a dualistic or two-substance theory.
Germination is the resumption of growth.
Mercury switches are used in thermostats.
Major wire rope types include the hoisting ropes used on cranes.
In order to soften water, ion exchange units are employed.
Rembrandt was certainly the great master of drypoint.
A handsome, noisy bird, the jay is sometimes resented by humans.
Venus-flytrap plants may lose their leaves and become dormant.
Shaw won the Nobel Prize for literature.
Like calcite, dolomite occurs in virtually all geologic settings.
Linen is still among the most expensive fibers.
Blood transfusions involve the intravenous administration of blood.
The forests often display an understory of  rhododendron.
Carp have longer dorsal fins.
They are usually five centimeters in length.
The donkey is related to the horse.
Each playwright in the tragic competitions performed four plays.
Paleolithic cave paintings were discovered here.
One of its most important uses is as drilling mud.
During the last stage, it employed a drogue.
Aztecs practiced a doomsday religion.
One drawback is that it is difficult to read.
The major ports are San Juan, Puerto Rico and Havana, Cuba.
Dominance by a small group of British landowners continued.
Giant slalom involves elements of both downhill and normal slalom.
The alkali metals have low density and low melting point.
They include ski resorts, marinas, beach resorts and dude ranches.
The dukedom of Lennox was created later.
Calcite marbles have a mosaic texture.
His critically acclaimed early works were largely about mood.
They remained aloft for one hundred and seventy-three hours.
These oceans merge on the north in the Arafura Sea.
Some ants regularly tend aphids for their honeydew.
Nonruling members of royal families also generally hold titles.
The giant schnauzer was originally used as a cattle drover.
Between the Main Reef and the mainland lies the Lagoon.
The wild olive is characteristic of the drier regions.
The largest are the semipermanent lows around Iceland.
The goosefish, or fishing frog, is bizarre.
After the Civil War, Whitman gained wider acceptance.
He founded the Serbian Radical party.
Jet is a black gemstone formed by the submersion of driftwood.
I can't accept this foolish dreariness.
This activates the snares, which vibrate against the snare head.
Jet transports have swept-back wings of medium camber.
The record for dormancy is held by the Arctic lupine.
Unfortunately, cold-working also makes a metal less ductile.
Duckweed is eaten by ducks, geese, pheasant, and beaver.
The dovetail saw is similar to the backsaw.
Their color ranges from gray to bronze and they have a long dorsal fin.
Parabolic dunes tend to form under slightly more humid conditions.
The sundews trap insects on rosettes of leaves.
Gymnosperm pollen is deposited in a droplet of sugary water.
Their stunts include using trick basketballs and place-kicking.
Deposition may occur for physical reasons.
A physician by training, Draper served at the City University of New York.
They drove out all Protestants and Roman Catholics.
It varies greatly among religious groups.
The mountains are composed of dolomitic limestone.
A cross between an ass, or donkey, and a horse is called a mule.
Along the Tigris and Euphrates rivers the first boats appeared.
They used crude dugout and bark canoes.
Austria-Hungary was the name of the Habsburg empire.
Sontag has also written and directed two films.
Two-dimensional standing waves exist in a drumhead.
Drake was placed in charge of five small ships and about a hundred and sixty men.
They dramatize warmly humorous incidents.
The mineral dolomite also forms carbonate rocks.
In proper dosage, inhibitions are removed.
The entire animal can withdraw into the shell completely.
Checkers, known in England as draughts, is played by 2 persons.
He resisted the domination of the neighboring Spanish kingdoms.
A spontaneous magnetization arises.
Next to gold, silver is the most malleable and ductile metal known.
Mammographs are usually obtained by zero-radiography.
Carving, when used, is generally confined to small areas.
They fatten in summer and stay dormant in winter.
Immediately downstream, the Congo narrows.
In the north, Israel drove a wedge into the Syrian lines.
After the war he was appointed cultural commissar of poetry.
Kiev's important industries are situated mainly in Darnitsa.
They can also catch silt-laden storm waters.
Dow continued to investigate ways of exploiting brines.
The earliest known domical coverings date back to the second millennium.
One circuit may provide the full two hundred forty volts to a single outlet.
Landscapes of arid regions may remain dormant for long periods.
The flattened body of the bivalve is enclosed in two shells.
On the dreadnought, major secondary armament was dispensed.
Almost all transfused blood today is obtained from volunteer donors.
Gnosticism was a religious philosophical dualism.
Berman's paintings are mostly dreamlike landscapes.
Its structure consists of a tapering, hollow body.
He was apprenticed to a lithographic draftsman about 1840.
He also wrote collections of prose tales.
The apple tree requires a period of dormancy.
The Dreyfus affair began in 1894.
The coelacanth has a deep and stocky body.
Cotton is sucked through pipes into a drier.
Familiar species are the leopard and the grass frog.
Straight-shank drills are gripped in a chuck.
Yet Browning was steadily improving his art.
It afterward became an independent Dorian city-state.
Conditions aboard ship were dreadful.
His three hundred poems are all short lyrics.
Wind stress causes surface waves.
The fruits can float in water for several weeks.
Dow Jones was founded in 1882.
He was very stern with his son and abhorred Adolf's dreamy ways.
After moving to Paris he worked as an architectural draftsman.
Fishing is also important.
This dualist view eventually became the orthodox position.
The gazelle, dove, and myrtle were sacred to her.
The Canadian Pacific Railway Company then went to work.
The poet, in a characteristic pun, later summed up the experience.
Many drugs produce feelings of drowsiness, fatigue, and nausea.
Sinking coasts are known as coasts of submergence.
The right coronary divides on the right ventral surface of the heart.
The Second Congress adopted the Declaration of Independence in July.
He was, however, a talented printmaker.
The eldest generation has the comfort of religion.
Tellurium is used to increase ductility in steel and copper alloys.
It is rarely drunk by itself.
At first they were entirely the domain of white performers.
The USSR is the largest Communist aid donor.
Of the mechanical dredges, the dipper dredge is the most common.
He rejected all dogma and reliance on Scriptures or creeds.
Modern accounting methods stem from 14th-century Italy.
In addition, there survives a mutilated version of his Constitution.
Kelly has also directed films.
The female equivalent is always dressed in rich drapery.
The method is applied after a metal has been shaped by forging.
Her repertoire was wide, and she excelled in Mozartian roles.
The Dutch style also influenced the English.
Grissom jumped overboard and nearly drowned.
Donne was the most famous of the metaphysical poets.
Delirium tremens may occur when a person stops drinking.
Brunswick was constituted as a duchy in the 13th century.
Rocketry, for example, grew dramatically.
Two other, relatively independent, divisions had been formed.
Artificial levees tend to move the hazard upstream or downstream.
This dualistic nature was not farfetched.
The contributions in the field of agriculture were significant.
Dominoes rank from the low double blank to the high double six.
This reduces the power needed to keep the cushion inflated.
The harp is suspended where the wind will set the strings in motion.
He conducted extensive breeding experiments.
Drake then set off across the Pacific.
Drake scouted the Panama region in 1570.
It was followed by Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
Most cuckoos are drab gray or brown and have long tails.
The Hudson River school was a loosely knit group.
She made a series of popular films.
Eventually, he got chorus roles in several Broadway musicals.
Early signs of lithium intoxication include diarrhea and vomiting.
A woman who occupies the throne in her own right is known as a queen.
Much of his imagery anticipates pop art.
A stream confined to a canyon flows rapidly.
The company also manufactures and sells Sacramento tomato juice.
Frederick drowned enroute in Cilicia.
Words and phrases are repeated at regular intervals.
In addition, a vassal had to seek his lord's permission to marry.
They studied various endocrine, or ductless, glands.
He was a professor of experimental zoology at Columbia University.
Foxglove was first brewed by Indians to treat dropsy.
They were the victims of an economic downswing.
Goldfish lack the barbels and have a slightly shorter dorsal fin.
There is an acute withdrawal syndrome.
When the male is sterile, semen is collected from an anonymous donor.
They are brightly colored, with blues and greens predominating.
Colors are usually drab, with shades of brown predominating.
The seed coat may maintain dormancy and prevent growth.
The name of the new union was the Dominion of Canada.
In 1775 he was invited to the ducal court of Karl Augustus.
The interior of the churches underwent a drastic simplification.
The egg stage usually continues through cold winters.
At the age of 14, Arnold was a druggist's apprentice.
Glasgow became notorious for its dreadful housing conditions.
The breed is noted for its strength and elegance.
In each of these religions, there is a dualistic principle.
The eyes are situated dorsally.
Residents of New England sometimes call Maine "Down East".
Oak, beech, walnut, maple, and dogwood woodlands are prevalent.
They serve to dramatize the encounter of new responsibilities.
Brocade can be woven on handlooms.
It has a stout trunk and spreading branches.
Baboons walk or gallop on all fours, sniffing the air.
He later returned to Ferrara to join the ducal chapel there.
This dreary, arid moorland supports only sheep and cattle.
Production of food grains has risen dramatically in recent years.
He joined the Egypt Exploration Fund as a draftsman.
They joined together two dugout canoes using planking.
Most ligands possess a single coordinating donor atom.
Gold-leaf backgrounds and stylized drapery folds were characteristic.
Minnesotans are well educated.
In places the rift-valley walls rise more than three thousand meters.
This dread of sharks is not reinforced by the facts.
His dour, commanding presence had the same kind of appeal.
It is commonly characterized by swelling, hoarseness, pain, and dryness.
They also knew the work of Milton Avery and Arthur Dove.
Crude-oil production has increased dramatically.
The abundant red cedars were used to make huge dugout canoes.
Permanent villages of stone houses existed in Greenland.
The two once again found themselves on opposite sides.
A light rain of tiny droplets is called mist in the United States.
Torrential rains fall during June, July, and August.
They once lived throughout most of North America.
The list begins with lithium, the most active reducing agent.
He was cool, aloof, almost haughty.
Catfish are distinguished by the presence of barbels, or whiskers.
Duckweed, the smallest flowering plant, is a perennial.
Herds of sheep and llamas are raised on the drier, southern parts.
For several decades electric power use in the United States grew.
Calms are prevalent about one-third of the time.
After months of preparation and ridicule, Drake began drilling.
The 19th Amendment gave women the vote in national politics.
The champagne method dates from the 17th century.
Widths of annual growth rings in trees correlate with temperature.
It sells primarily in the United States and Canada.
His abilities were quickly recognized.
Drake served as mayor of Plymouth for some years.
It is also an oil and natural-gas center.
The validity of Carlyle's statement is doubtful, however.
An example is the method of driving the timing gear.
Generally square in shape, it was always surrounded by a colonnade.
In right-handed people, language dominance is located in the left hemisphere.
The endocrine glands have no ducts connecting them to their target.
He inherited his dukedom later that year.
When the plate is printed, this rough edge takes ink.
Evergreens grow in the drier coastal regions.
The standard domino set has twenty-eight tiles.
This delocalization stabilizes the benzene molecule.
The final step is a drying process.
They are further classified  as berries, drupes, and false berries.
Log dugouts were not the exclusive invention of these Indians.
Since it reduces drag, it increases range significantly.
The new product always contains a six-membered carbon ring.
A more powerful second league was formed later.
Because of hybrid vigor, a mule is stronger than either a horse or donkey.
The upper mountain slopes are cool, wet, and forested.
Robins next undertook to determine drag as a function of speed.
Druid Hill Park contains the city zoo and a natural history museum.
So great was her grief that she drowned herself.
In its pure form, iron is rather soft and is malleable and ductile.
In recent years the dosage required for the test has been reduced.
This demonstration amply established the importance of drag.
The sequence of strata may buckle between more rigid basement rocks.
Another relatively simple form of antenna is the dipole.
Social structure remains based on the father's family.
More than six thousand drag-racing events are held annually.
Its original domain included what is now Israel and nearby areas.
Galileo argued for freedom of inquiry.
The flower buds are generally nodding, or bent downwards.
The Octagon had served as a temporary White House.
For Christians, the incarnation is a central dogma.
Much of his verse is humorous.
The emperor deprived Henry of most of his land.
Ordained a Dominican priest, he was accused of heresy.
The one drawback is that the new skin lacks elasticity.
In tones of approaching doom, they wrote many exclusive stories.
Dreaming is a distinct and necessary part of sleeping.
The dromedary has been domesticated for more than five thousand years.
Water is then released as needed to run back downhill.
They are almost always monoplanes.
He ceded conquered territories to the pope.
This three-orbit flight ended with a landing downrange.
Evidently this game was brought to Italy from Egypt.
Cenozoic rocks contain evidence of the extinction of the dinosaurs.
Many prisoners have exceedingly poor medical histories.
Blue crabs have adapted to the coastal river estuary habitat.
A subsequent period of ebb lasted until the 19th century.
It occurs as transparent-to-opaque compact lenses, veins, or nodules.
Plastics are extruded in a molten form.
Progesterone acts on the uterine lining.
These results were an epochal landmark in 20th-century mathematics.
The tropical forest of the west equatorial belt produces mahogany.
This approach concentrates on etymology.
He was at first regarded with suspicion by the trade-unionist.
Anti-Semitism has manifested itself in many ways.
Earthworms are important food for many animals.
It is concerned with the classification of bacteria.
The characters are given abstract labels instead of names.
Most of them exert their action on cellular structures.
The science concerned with insects is called entomology.
The prophets of the other nations were on occasion ecstatic.
Framing entails the layout and erection of the structural skeletons.
For example, the name sapphire referred to a blue stone.
In his later years he concentrated on educational reform.
Revivalism is a predominantly North American Protestant phenomenon.
He published essays, poems, and reviews in various magazines.
The rest consists of a series of visions, replete with allegories.
The fruit is exceedingly astringent when green.
Flowing eastward, it widens to an estuary, the Firth of Forth.
But other adverse ecological effects have been recorded.
Its artistic forebears include William Hogarth.
In times of metabolic need, the polymers are broken down.
The southernmost point is Middle Island, in Lake Erie.
Cholesterol is obtained from foods having saturated fatty acids.
By the last edition, it had grown to 79 full chapters.
In Europe, barbers were often amateur musicians.
Their search for ideal beauty was empowered with a new energy.
In 1710 the government passed from Whig to Tory control.
The Sun circles the ecliptic once a year.
Amphetamines are known as "pep pills" or "diet pills".
The possessor of the evil eye may unintentionally cause harm.
Neoclassicism became the dominant artistic influence.
Esperanto is an artificial language.
Passive euthanasia, however, raises an ethical question.
Even more important was her creation of a teaching curriculum.
Claudius was perhaps the most erudite of all Roman emperors.
Owls have a keen sense of hearing and acute eyesight.
Lemmings and voles exemplify population oscillations.
The treatise first appeared in its entirety in Russia.
He then took the lead in urging rapprochement with Great Britain.
Perhaps Europa was covered with an ocean of liquid water.
The society continued its efforts into the 20th century.
Diamonds are found in the west, but production has declined.
The telescope eyepiece contains a fine, movable vertical wire.
He portrayed expatriate Americans in a European setting.
The appointed exorcist is a priest, who prays and fasts.
Expiration is accomplished by expiratory muscles.
It is basically a statement of the accounting equation.
Freshwater eels comprise 16 species.
He defined, from youngest to oldest, four periods.
Other museums include the Gardner Museum and Peabody Museum.
An amnesty is an exemption from prosecution for criminal acts.
Aphids, leafhoppers, mites, and other insects attack cotton plants.
The 7th Amendment guarantees jury trials in civil cases.
A curtain wall is an exterior wall that carries no floor loads.
The entrepreneur dies when his own vampiric nature is exposed.
He began his career as an emcee in Brooklyn's Folly Theatre.
It includes finely cast bronze heads and statuettes.
It is not intended to be a eulogy of Brown.
During the Eocene Epoch significant paleogeographic changes occurred.
Other provisions extended the statute of limitations for espionage.
He is remembered chiefly for his opposition to naturalism.
The principal trees in the north are beech, oak, and chestnut.
Apparent solar days are not of equal length.
A feathering propeller can have its blades turned edgeways.
The native vegetation is adapted to the climate.
The male exhibitionist is often a shy, meek individual.
The Talmud mentions using a piece of sponge to block the cervix.
He was secretary of state for defense.
Aldrin landed the Apollo 11 lunar module Eagle on the Moon.
The earliest known rodent lived in North America.
Diseases of the ear include various types of infection by bacteria.
It originated in the Asiatic steppes during the Eocene Epoch.
There is overt blood flow only in various primates.
Passive euthanasia is discontinuing life-sustaining treatment.
Extinction of dinosaurs has been attributed to many causes.
Many subjects appeared on both sides during the Republic.
Moorish rule in Spain may be divided into three periods.
It is distinguished by a large, eyelike spot.
Many of her stories have appeared in Esquire.
Many things seem capable of triggering migraine attacks.
The symptoms of dermatitis include itching, burning, and redness.
The Anglican Church of Canada has 8 theological colleges.
The most commonly cultivated species worldwide is the blue gum.
Beadwork is the technique of embroidering beads on a surface.
The flugelhorn is a member of the bugle family.
The Transverse Ranges enclose many valleys and lowlands.
Manuscripts continued to be illuminated for the church.
Totally clean, high-quality gemstones are exceedingly rare.
The Roman Catholic ritual of exorcism is regulated by canon law.
Most communications satellites are placed in geostationary orbits.
The exhalation is followed immediately by a slower inhalation.
Australia is a relatively new entrant into the contemporary world.
The last is due to the enrichment of lakes with various nutrients.
Their devotion to the principles of Disraeli has been reasserted.
It may be difficult to diagnose a punctured eardrum.
Bryan was a political evangelist.
In their dances they sought to transcend the consciousness of self.
As a Blackfoot leader he was a skillful orator and diplomat.
The stomach commonly herniates through the diaphragm.
More and more specialized tool industries developed.
Eels lack pelvic fins, and the dorsal and anal fins are elongated.
Cells from the surface layer, or ectoderm, move into the groove.
Exfoliation is particularly common in massive rocks such as granite.
Peptides usually are formed from the enzymatic cleavage of proteins.
At times almost everyone uses slang.
Eellike in appearance, the hagfish lacks jaws.
The color of the green glass dominates the stone.
The ectoderm is responsible for the formation of skin.
His extravagant policies helped turn Parliament against the monarchy.
He organized the University of Chicago Egyptian expedition.
Other microorganisms resist by altering their cell-wall structure.
A dramatic breakthrough occurred in the mid-1800s.
Many of the medicinal uses of herbs were efficacious.
Thus the rhymes are carried throughout the poem.
The first two emphases were central to Weber's work.
Euchre is a trump card game for two to four players.
About 11,000 people will receive payment for evacuation expenses.
They are the source of black, hard ebony wood.
Both instability and superstability are undesirable conditions.
Green tourmaline can substitute for emerald.
The combined fleet carried more than a million American soldiers.
The ecclesiastical purpose of torture was to extirpate heresy.
The birds feed on insects, other small animals, and fruit.
Few of the accused based their defense on entrapment.
Superstitions abound concerning the emerald.
Paleogeographical maps have now been constructed.
The eardrum may be perforated, or ruptured, by shattering blasts.
In ancient Greece, an epigram was an inscription on a monument.
Ulysses is noted for its erudite allusions to theology.
Governments now impose stringent effluent-discharge limits.
A sty is a boil located at the hair follicle of an eyelash.
By the 14th century, this expansive era gave way to an age of unity.
These ideas were expounded in many visionary documents.
The second question is a problem in estimation.
They most often involve the skin.
Each was stimulated by a set of local circumstances.
This process also occurs in totally unrelated species.
The glossy cuckoos are a striking emerald green.
Citizenship may be lost through expatriation.
Ethane occurs in natural gas.
On Peter's death, Catherine was proclaimed empress.
Exterior curtain walls are then hung from the floors.
The different types and causes of epileptic seizures are correlated.
The therapist is an active, empathetic listener.
The exosphere is the outermost portion of the Earth's atmosphere.
Music is closely integrated into everyday activities in Africa.
The road system is dense.
Their impact on urban ecology is difficult to judge.
Freud created a wholly new field of scientific inquiry.
Biomes are comprised of smaller units called habitats.
For the next 60 years, experimentation continued.
The stars' domination of the theater began to diminish.
Significantly, academic art is currently being reevaluated.
The term pop art was first used in the 1950s in London.
Binocular eyepieces permit both eyes to be used for viewing.
Several things are believed to influence this behavior.
Succulents other than cacti occur in several families.
Apprenticeship programs must allow equality of opportunity.
A human adrift at sea does not fare so well.
His maternal grandfather, a doctor, became his intellectual mentor.
Lampreys are eellike in shape and lack scales and paired fins.
The planets generally also moved eastward along the zodiac.
In the meantime he founded Negro Digest.
Other insects will cover themselves with debris or excrement.
Maximum temperatures occur north of the equator.
It forms octahedral crystals and granular masses.
Eureka offers many examples of ornate Victorian architecture.
The early baroque was a period of experimentation.
Esperanto's vocabulary is drawn primarily from Latin.
He was able to extort major concessions from Louis.
A developing science is paleoecology.
The book was evidently intended for the edification of the people.
This culture produced a distinctive black ware.
Equilibrium is the maintenance of the body's balance.
This setting was meant to suggest the erudition of the sitter.
The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes.
Large emigrant communities also live in southern Sri Lanka.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge was a major English romantic poet.
A highly eclectic artist, he never evolved a truly personal style.
There are two kinds of extradition, interstate and international.
The Lord's Prayer is recited at the end of the eucharistic prayer.
The gable may be a distinct architectural element above the eaves.
The Missouri Plateau lies to the southwest of the Drift Prairie.
It is used in expectorant mixtures to treat bronchitis.
He also saw it as an extension of the empiricist attitude.
Such perennial flood areas had to be cleared of debris.
Echolocation is mistakenly associated with high-frequency sound.
Earthy deposits also occur, especially in Arkansas and Texas.
Priests figured prominently in early espionage.
He was also a dedicated experimentalist.
The ear contains two types of sensory organs.
Emeralds have been obtained from the schists of Cleopatra's mines.
This explains changes in assets, liabilities, and owners' equity.
Set in colonial Peru, the book is an episodic narrative.
Field trips may be used to extend the child's experiential world.
Corso's poetry is noted for its playful ebullience.
They are grouped territorially and governed in egalitarian districts.
These may come about through changes in water level.
Used systematically, cocaine stimulates the central nervous system.
Most beryl is found in pegmatite dikes.
These processes take place under reversible conditions.
Forested areas include a variety of fur-bearing animals.
The term arose from the alkaline hydrolysis of fats.
Each detail is described with exactitude.
Living in London, he worked as a teacher and bank clerk.
He has moved increasingly away from the conventional devices.
Other uses include thickness gauging and tool-wear estimation.
During storms, large waves erode sand from the beach face and berm.
In addition, he began his notable school on wheels.
Many ecologists study communities in the context of an ecosystem.
The Chinese were skillful embroiderers.
Yet not all Art Nouveau was frivolous and evanescent.
Estuary mouths may also be constricted along coasts.
Ethene or ethylene is the simplest member of the series.
The Sun could be observed at sunset to have moved eastward.
Four sculptors forged visions independent of academic eclecticism.
In 1843 he determined a value for the coefficient of equivalence.
The inner heartwood of ebony is black or brown.
Euchre is descended from a short, simple, 16th-century card game.
Aquatic forms can safely excrete toxic nitrogenous waste compounds.
Long-period comets have periods of more than two hundred years.
The function of earwax is not known with certainty.
He pleaded no contest to one count of income tax evasion.
It recounts the deliverance of the Jews from persecution.
The expansive pectoral fins resemble moth wings.
An example is the Wilkinson catalyst.
The majority of lizards have tympanic membranes.
Exorcism is the ritual act of expelling demons, or evil spirits.
This process requires a large capital investment.
If unsuccessful, he is euchred.
The interiors of these churches were often richly decorated.
By the mid-1930s all Disney cartoons were made in color.
Edema, the abnormal accumulation of tissue fluid, develops.
In substance the stupa is an artificial mountain.
The scales covering the skin are epidermal.
It lies on an inlet of the North Sea.
This law remained in effect until 1952.
Until the 5th century BC, the concept entailed excellence.
It was the first extragalactic object to be identified.
Flowers and flowering plants form an exceedingly important part.
The ascent stage of the Eagle was left in lunar orbit.
The infection may spread to the tonsils or to the eustachian tubes.
His father, Josiah, was a candlemaker and a skillful mechanic.
Further expansion in Africa was blocked by Carthage.
The king's court had become three courts by the 13th century.
Such religious movements as Puritanism encouraged self-study.
Most users of these drugs experience a sense of well-being.
Additive techniques of decoration include false embroidery.
Trees dominate the ecosystem because of their large size.
Women's headdresses were even more extravagant.
The atmosphere is composed mostly of hydrogen and helium.
Ergot is a disease of cultivated cereals caused by fungi.
His editorial taste, like his father's, ran to the sensational.
Argentinians have a life expectancy of 70 years.
Treatment may include the use of antibiotics to eradicate infection.
They were part of a lively exchange.
At the same time, they display extreme compliance.
Artificial kidneys have been greatly improved.
Glacial meltwater erodes rock debris and carries it away.
Moderate or temperate use of alcohol is not harmful.
It rises in the moors of the southern uplands.
The current emir gained control.
The city was settled by Moravian missionaries.
Displays of extravagant piety alternated with license at his court.
Some drugs share excretory pathways in the kidneys.
He held that only the state could punish such offenders.
Just behind the region of elongation are the root hairs.
The pattern usually originates during early childhood.
Glaciers and ice sheets erode by abrasion and quarrying.
The lungs occupy lateral regions of the thoracic cavity.
New Zealand became the first country to enfranchise women.
Equitable principles also apply when a contract must be reformed.
North of the steppeland is a narrow transition zone of mixed forest.
Hyperopia usually occurs when the eyeball is flattened.
Iguanas lay their eggs in burrows that they excavate themselves.
The muscle systems are overlain by a skin of epidermal tissue.
Nor did they limit themselves to knowledge obtained empirically.
Christianity has affected traditional inheritance rules.
The digestive system in insects is essentially a tube.
He also produced illustrated works on pre-Hispanic Mexican culture.
The majority of the cult followers were women.
Industrialization has caused a rapid rise in population.
Epidermal cells are mostly produced at the base of the epidermis.
This theorem was proved in 1950 by John Nash.
The alkanes make up a homologous series.
It forms tufts of needlelike prismatic crystals.
Insectivorous bats use a wide array of echolocation strategies.
An epitaph is an inscription on a tombstone.
The town is best known as a market for Edam cheese.
A Jew, he was forced to emigrate to Paris in 1933.
Epoxy paints have outstanding corrosion resistance.
The most notorious episode occurred in the 1950s.
A refined eclecticism and flair for musical satire survived.
The ancient Egyptians used opium for pain.
Animal diseases are also important ecologically.
It is not strictly correct.
Felker was a reporter for Life magazine.
Henry faced excommunication and was forced to do penance.
His own dancing career was eclectic.
These require that the cell take in nutrients and excrete waste.
Untreated sewage effluent no longer enters the major rivers.
Desegregation threatens some of them with extinction.
The exact mode of action of most herbicides is unknown.
After ambassador, the next-ranking diplomatic agent is a minister.
Each arm has a sensory tentacle that responds to various stimuli.
It consists of 6 six-line stanzas.
It is prepared from ethylene by catalytic hydration.
Both have at least a single layer of cells attached to some object.
The evergreens include some 600 species of eucalyptus trees.
Erudite information was compiled for its own sake.
Chemical pesticides, however, can cause ecological damage.
Ezra and Nehemiah were composed after the exile.
Such an energy-releasing reaction is said to be exothermic.
Efferent fibers are concentrated in the ventral roots.
Such a nucleus may be unstable or radioactive.
Drums are used in folk music, religious functions, and opera.
The eggplant is grown for its large, oval fruit.
During World War II he headed a government-in-exile.
The simplest alkenes are ethylene and propylene.
Phosphorescence is a form of light emission.
He became professor emeritus in 1975.
Emigration has long been a feature of Italy's population.
A person may contract eczema at any age and at any place.
The motor output involves efferent neurons known as motor neurons.
He spent extravagant sums on the arts.
The 11 Writings include three poetic books.
He was given the blessing of the firstborn by his grandfather.
Paul replied by developing the theme of the efficacy of salvation.
Eczema is best treated by finding and removing the cause.
The local vernacular is used in everyday commerce.
Typically, the erstwhile slaves assumed power themselves.
He then pursued Darius, who had turned eastward.
Nevertheless, eradication schemes have often proved useful.
This custom may reflect men's envy of women's reproductive functions.
Epistemological monism identifies that which is immediately present.
During the next period output increases from fewer but larger mines.
The pacifism of the 1960s attracted many nonpacifists.
Absurdism is an idea commonly associated with existentialism.
Where little sand is available, an estuary mouth may be wide.
The ballade consists of three stanzas and an envoy.
The supplies of usable phosphorus are relatively small.
Historically, the early embryological studies were descriptive.
The visible structure of the universe consists of galaxies.
A shaman is a religious or ritual specialist.
Motor transport has become increasingly important since the 1960s.
Nomadic Fulani live in bands and move about with their herds.
She lived an outwardly secure and idyllic, aristocratic life.
In 1891 he joined the Egypt Exploration Fund as a draftsman.
Three volumes of his work have appeared posthumously.
Eden lacked the opportunity to prove himself as prime minister.
A ship plowing through tropic seas may produce a wake that glows.
Few of his other compositions have become popular outside France.
Most of the rivers in Albania rise in the interior highlands.
The accumulation of dust in the lungs can cause scarring.
The enlarger mechanism is enclosed in an enlarger head.
Sensationalism is generally associated with the empiricist tradition.
The president, his entourage, and reporters rode the train.
Migration today is carefully controlled by the government.
California each year attracts millions of tourists.
The term is also applied to any Muslim emigration.
Tough, strong epoxy resins shrink little as they harden.
It was subsequently occupied by the Celts.
Diplomatic asylum is based on the principle of extraterritoriality.
Pastoral people often modify their egalitarian values sufficiently.
Convulsions may occur in connection with high fever.
He recanted his doctrine and died at peace with the church.
The worm's excretory system consists of a pair of coiled tubes.
The small, round fruit has a fuzzy, greenish brown skin.
Glacier-margin lakes tend to be short-lived.
His philanthropies included the Peabody Institute of Baltimore.
An equatorial climate predominates over much of Indonesia.
Seven manuscript versions of the text are extant.
Archives of cuneiform tablets were found in both palaces.
Punitive or exemplary damages are damages on a higher scale.
Robert Anthony Eden entered the House of Commons as a Conservative.
World War I began with immense, rapid, national mobilizations.
Southeast trade winds create equable temperatures.
The Indonesian government began a massive restoration project.
Proponents talk of capturing more tourist dollars.
They centered around a great hall with a large central hearth.
High doses of cocaine are usually taken nasally.
Many citizens fled to West Berlin and West Germany.
Two examples of a hydrate are borax and epsom salt.
The Greeks call the letter epsilon.
Chief among these is an awakened interest in ecology.
Inside the baptistery a huge octagonal dome is revealed.
Most have patterns of black bars, or large eyelike spots, or both.
An extensive road system is presently being expanded.
Treaties may pertain to political matters, such as alliances.
A net efflux of positive charge results.
They are major components of their ecosystem.
Pricklebacks comprise about 50 species of eellike fishes.
The actions of the two lovers both degrade and ennoble them.
Ellsberg was indicted for theft, espionage, and conspiracy.
The famine years brought a sudden reversal.
Baily was an explorer and stockbroker before turning to astronomy.
He joined the family banking business in 1852.
The men were skilled woodcarvers.
Erythromycin is one of the safest antibiotics.
There may be one or more estrous cycles in a breeding season.
It may also be accompanied by unusual experiences of ecstasy.
Examples are the Altai elk, brown bear, wolf, ermine, and sable.
Tolling, in this context, means to entice or attract.
This characteristic, known as low emissivity, is especially valuable.
The Arctic is a major source of very cold air.
An earlier scandal involved Vice-President Agnew.
By the early 1980s the IRS was confronting increasing tax evasion.
Epidemics of ergot-caused disease were frequent in Europe.
Sculpture took a turn toward the dramatic.
He tried to eradicate banditry by using a state police force.
Ultimately this involves extensive sampling of the deposit.
The exoskeleton is coated with a waxy layer.
The climate is equable with very little seasonal fluctuation.
Curtis started the 10-cent Ladies' Home Journal.
An estuary may be stratified throughout most of the embayment.
Visigoths occupied the city in the 5th century AD.
Its northern end is supplemented by a second linear earthwork.
Finnish and Estonian texts survive from the Protestant Reformation.
Enmity among the Greeks led to the Peloponnesian War.
Paleocene and Eocene deposits are represented by clays and sands.
These include Agra Fort, a red sandstone fortress complex.
Saponification is an alkaline-catalyzed chemical reaction.
Tattooing techniques vary widely.
For this reason his theories cannot be empirically tested.
The ectoderm gives rise to the brain and spinal cord.
Thus his concerns are fundamental, but never simplistic.
Occasionally, for no apparent reason, there is an abrupt worsening.
On his return to Rome he was charged with extortion.
Patients excrete abnormally high levels of all four acids.
One drug may thus keep another in circulation longer.
Later, however, the ether concept was found to be false.
That enumeration included emigrant Lebanese.
The Levelers advocated a wider parliamentary franchise.
In higher animals, cholesterol is found in all cells.
These stresses are not necessarily the result of crustal shortening.
Natural gas consists mostly of the hydrocarbon methane.
Their marriage became one of estrangement and mutual infidelity.
The Portuguese later extended influence over the coasts of India.
Toward the end of his life, he promoted a Jewish existentialism.
Thompson helped excavate and restore the famous Maya site.
Armstrong wrote on many scientific subjects.
Excretion may also occur through the skin, hair, tears, or saliva.
Rainfall decreases poleward from the equator to the Sahara.
Others held that large firms were not necessarily less competitive.
The ether may be a gas, a liquid, or a solid.
Viking civilization was primarily seaborne.
Auschwitz was chosen as the main extermination center.
Initially, it appears that substances are objects.
A viral etiology for human cancers has not been proved.
In 1972 a similar expenditure was approved.
His proper, moral poetry was exceedingly popular in Victorian times.
Seismic waves can be detected at great distances from the epicenter.
Political and ideological differences soon emerged.
Norway built an expansive empire in the 13th century.
It flows westward with the Indian South Equatorial Current.
The high vault is filled with illusionistic architecture.
Ethylene, or ethene, is a colorless, flammable gas.
This experience is supposed to be different.
Apes live in equatorial Africa and Southeast Asia.
Inadvertently these same fishermen ensure the sharks' survival.
Voyager observed 10 larger satellites.
At the same time, estrogens stimulate secretion of the hormone.
It usually results from spasms of the esophagus.
An eyewitness account of the calamity is given in two letters.
This trend is exemplified by ethane, ethylene, and acetylene.
He was an exemplary interpreter of French music.
This ancestor lived in the Eocene Epoch.
Known mineral deposits are scanty, with little recent exploitation.
The electron capture process competes with positron emission.
Many artists fled the country after the Nazi takeover.
This edema fluid can cause drowning as readily as does water.
Exemptions were made during the American Civil War.
Internal taxes were reduced.
The overlying skin may become stretched to the point of rupture.
It has institutes of oceanography and of animal resource ecology.
It occurs as bright-red crusts, granular masses, or earthy coatings.
The brightened curtain moves violently poleward.
Qatar is a traditional monarchy.
Chemical kinetics is a branch of chemistry.
The next members of the series are ethane and propane.
Some determined upon a period of expatriation.
Stomata are microscopic openings or pores.
Conceptual art is an outgrowth of such sculptural trends.
Marine strandlines occur above and below present sea level.
It was large-bodied and stocky-legged.
Later he wrote two series of essays.
Thus Einstein's theory obeys the weak equivalence principle.
These processes may be accompanied by emplacement of ore deposits.
During the next two decades he traveled through much of Asia.
They are less exploratory and more fearful in strange situations.
This plan helped raise commodity prices.
Rivera also executed many easel paintings and portraits.
Epilepsy affects somewhat less then 2 percent of the population.
The effect of the excommunication is exclusion from the sacraments.
Clay is a natural, earthy, fine-grained material.
The term extortion is often used in connection with blackmail.
The terms afferent and efferent describe nerve tracts.
They include the basins of the Niger, Chad, and Sudd rivers.
The resulting canisters would be transported to a remote area.
These coordinates are related to the celestial sphere.
The Sun appears to make a complete circuit around the ecliptic.
Shelley was ecstatic and visionary.
Encouraged to write out his thoughts, he did so in maxims.
He is currently an emeritus professor at Harvard University.
He wrote cynical verse about inconstancy.
Ethanol undergoes all of the reactions of a primary alcohol.
Dredging involves excavating a river, canal, or harbor bed.
The horn of the rhinoceros has no bone.
The site had been extensively looted.
Fault escarpments are a direct product of fault displacement.
Sartre combined existentialism with Marxism.
The nation's cities were in grave difficulties.
Most live in Chile.
Most females can mate only during estrus.
The tree was later planted in a beautiful garden.
Magnitude is a measure of an earthquake's size.
Known as "Marse Henry," Watterson resigned his editorship.
Ossicles conduct sound from the eardrum to the cochlea.
Auditory receptors are usually stretch-type receptors.
The central altarpiece of the program is the entombment.
An early type of extinguisher was the squirt.
Edelweiss is a perennial herb.
The largest is the giant Australian earthworm.
The Tertiary Period comprises five epochs.
Snakes lack both the eardrum and the middle-ear cavity.
The earliest known typical owls first lived in Europe.
Early Christian worship centered on two principal rites.
It also created eight career education elements.
This was an extremely flexible system.
Most prominent is international neoexpressionism.
Both cataloging and classifying are expensive processes.
In Semitic writing systems, the name of the sign is aleph.
Eden returned to that office under Sir Winston Churchill.
In January, she left West Virginia to train in Houston.
They must also have the correct Newtonian limit.
Another mode of burial is entombment in natural caves.
While cognizant of sin and evil, he sought to expiate guilt.
No other feasible hormonal hypothesis exists at present.
The constellations around the ecliptic make up the zodiac.
Its population is predominantly Eskimo.
Then his entrails were burned and his body divided into four parts.
Econometrics is a branch of economics.
An esker is a long, sinuous, low ridge composed of glacial deposits.
Egoism is not just another version of normative theory.
The actions of missionaries did little to counter this reaction.
Flat slabs span from the exterior framework to solid interior walls.
They were often employed as decorative motifs of eaves.
The spectrum of Neptune contains strong features of methane.
The Essay is a principal statement of empiricism.
One is the "indirect" liquefaction process.
The church has been involved in frequent lawsuits.
Physical dependence on ethanol is not infrequent.
The redshift, however, is a test of the equivalence principle.
Their theology was highly eschatological.
The most striking topographic feature is the Niagara Escarpment.
The reference circle of the equatorial system is the equator.
Such a demand was enthusiastically supported by the Irish emigrant.
There are only five regular polyhedrons.
The light variations in eruptive variables may be large.
The former refers to all points in space and time being equivalent.
It is known as exponential growth.
He was forced to flee abroad, ultimately to the United States.
The main hall of the chateau survives from the 13th century.
Seawater contains astonishing quantities of gold.
The Gestapo instituted the concentration-camp system.
Glaucoma is a disease of the eye.
The bay is further emphasized by a projecting gable roof.
Some petrels nest in burrows that they excavate in sandy soil.
Several other large stones have been found.
There he worked for the Combat resistance network.
Uses include house siding, window frames, and electrical insulation.
Morphine also relieves the distress associated with pain.
Public funds support training and placement programs.
Four state institutions offer liberal arts and teacher education.
In Europe embroidery developed into an important art form.
All of them are outstanding for the beauty of their natural colors.
Focal epilepsies may occur as a result of a scar.
The term horn also refers to the hard keratin itself.
Normally, eczema clears up on its own.
Physical pain was used to induce altered states of consciousness.
Competitions for men are held with three weapons.
Esquire is an American men's magazine founded in Chicago in 1933.
Growth continues for some time in the adult stage.
When excavation is complete, the interior is filled with concrete.
Road transportation is less well developed.
Ethanol is rapidly oxidized by the human body.
Interstellar molecules are detected by radio astronomy.
Sources of palmitic acid include palm oil and tallow.
Most present-day species of deer evolved during the Pliocene Epoch.
His work in the law courts was exemplary.
The need for economical desalination processes has grown in recent years.
A climax community is a self-perpetuating ecosystem.
The pencil tree is in the spurge family.
The larva, or caterpillar, develops within the eggshell.
The effluent of many tanks remains highly polluting.
This view has been modified within the scientific community.
The equity section states the owners' investment.
Citizens of each state were given equal privileges and immunities.
Nevertheless, Gregory lost control of the situation.
Eruptive prominences rise hundreds of thousands of kilometers.
Athens emerged as the leader, controlling the war chest.
Ultimately, high interest rates helped to engender the recession.
In East Berlin, he devoted his last seven years to directing.
Computers impose a discipline on information workers.
Inaction might erode sentiments for action on either side.
Just before his death, he issued an edict of toleration.
The colors, or tinctures, of the field are limited to two metals.
The emblem typically consisted of a symbolic picture.
The astronomical year of chief importance is the tropical year.
Human milk also promotes growth.
Providence is at its northern extremity.
That amount is not owed to anyone else but is owned free of debt.
Feasibility studies are now under way.
Some minerals will escape from the ecosystem.
They were joined in Moscow by other expatriate artists.
The interrogation point, or question mark, signals a question.
In higher animals, a third layer of cells, the mesoderm, develops.
In some accounts she is said to be the mother of Eros.
Ethanol is used as a solvent and antifreeze.
Relatively little of their art is preserved.
Brutus accompanied Cato to Cyprus in 58.
Numerous embroidery styles and techniques have been developed.
He believed that the war would prove epochal.
A dummy block is placed behind the ingot.
Most terrestrial organisms have only a limited supply of water.
Rama the First built the walled Grand Palace.
A balance of power among nations is a state of equilibrium.
Planetary perturbations cause the ecliptic to change very slowly.
The cusk eel is an eel-like marine fish.
Short-period comets have periods of less than 200 years.
Two isotopes of europium occur naturally.
Living species have long eel-like bodies.
About 1870 romanticism gave way to naturalism.
Many important events are recorded in Exodus.
Swamp eels constitute about eight species.
Primitive people used exotic and earthy pigments to color their bodies.
More recent emphases have been in agriculture.
The later therapy is begun, the more severe the aftereffect may be.
At the end of the war the Greeks overextended themselves.
An exemplum was a tale told to teach a moral lesson.
The mountains are sparsely populated.
Conservation policies draw on ECOLOGY, economics, and technology.
It forms modified monoclinic crystals.
The condition resembles but is unrelated to epilepsy.
Most exhibitionists are men.
All are linked to form a fragile ecology that often exhibits cycles.
The British burned the settlement during the War of 1812.
These canals were the first transportation arteries.
Melodrama continues to be a vital dramatic form today.
Birds, insects, and many reptiles excrete uric acid instead of urea.
Typical symptoms include fever, chills, cough, and chest pain.
From this practice stems the custom of diplomatic asylum.
The Amazon's mouth is an estuary.
The babblers are nearly 300 species of songbirds.
Opposing this position are parapsychologists.
An example is the class of hydrocarbons known as alkanes.
They appeared during the Oligocene Epoch.
Species diversity has two components, richness and evenness.
He promoted various educational, social, and ecclesiastical reforms.
In epee, a hit may be scored on any part of the body.
He continued his work of ecclesiastical reform.
When experimentation started up again it was in New York.
Chemical reactions are accompanied by energy changes.
Cysts commonly occur in the sebaceous, or oil, glands of the skin.
His father committed suicide when the boy was only 12.
Handworked embroidery is now more a hobby than an art.
Several of Drayton's poems are engagingly patriotic.
Their roots go back to the North American Indian canoe.
Inhalation of chlorine gas can cause edema of the lungs.
A feather is a specialized epidermal outgrowth unique to birds.
In controlled doses it is used to relieve smooth-muscle spasms.
He created the Parisian fashion industry.
Morphine has a euphoric effect on patients.
His works generally avoid effects that might be termed dramatic.
The filaments have an emission-line spectrum.
He produced streams of fiction.
Everlastings are plants used for winter bouquets.
The Mon were eventually displaced.
A placebo is a physiologically inert medication.
Eucalyptus species and evergreen oaks are abundant in these regions.
His skill as an entrepreneur earned him a fortune.
Wittig's schooling was interrupted by World War One.
It began to sink during the Miocene Epoch.
Thus, bond breaking is endothermic and bond making is exothermic.
Pasteur and the rest were proved wrong in 1897.
The leech can also swim like an eel, by undulations of its body.
It won fame for its realism and its acting ensemble.
The mesoderm comes to form two sublayers.
The Welland Canal links Lake Ontario and Lake Erie.
To its critics, the causes of the inadequacies are clear.
The number 3 is the power, or exponent, of each expression.
Many victims of extortion received letters marked with a black hand.
They considered the British political system the best in Europe.
This postulate is called the Einstein equivalence principle.
Cows can conceive only during an estrous period.
Among these are quinine.
Their thin, hard exoskeleton is usually brownish green.
Chaparral soils on steep mountain slopes tend to erode during summer.
Epsom salts was first used as a laxative.
Some permit the erection of large family monuments.
Thus, closing entries affect only the equity accounts.
Esperanto is used internationally across language boundaries.
It was used by the ancient Egyptians, Persians, Indians, and Greeks.
Some organisms excrete the ammonia itself.
Photography is now the scene of widespread revivals.
Impact extrusion is a combination of extrusion and forging.
Leaves and fruits of higher plants show signs of senescence.
After a successful banking career he became a journalist.
Epoxy adhesives are thermosetting.
The miles of beaches are geologically ephemeral.
North of the equatorial region is a tropical monsoon area.
Pidginization produces highly variable and evanescent speech.
Secretion of the neurohormones is triggered by neurotransmitters.
An expatriate, he lived in Rome from 1867 until his death.
Its leaders were versed in the mysteries of Kabbalah.
The esophagus is part of the alimentary canal.
The equator is an imaginary great circle drawn around the Earth.
Otosclerosis can cause hearing loss.
The ester dimer is also difunctional.
Chemical equilibria frequently deal with multicomponent systems.
Each planet was assumed to move with uniform velocity.
Conifers such as redwood and Sitka spruce tend to predominate.
As a result, he lost his membership in the Union of Soviet Writers.
The term extraterrestrial life encompasses all life.
Furthermore, British trade policies discriminated against Ireland.
Food is taken into the mouth and swallowed by the muscular pharynx.
His other novels are perhaps deeper, if less exuberant.
In turtles the bony plates are fused together to form a bony shell.
Psychologists have studied many different aspects of meaning.
Its anesthetic properties resemble those of cocaine.
Within an hour or two the exoskeleton becomes hardened.
After repeated use, morphine has euphoric effects.
As Voyager passed by Uranus it observed two more rings.
The Romans used cameos for both decoration and personal adornment.
There are two general types of forecasting methods.
In addition, they often become very expansive in their behavior.
The events of that momentous year must also be viewed more broadly.
Hydrazine is a chemical reducing agent.
The crown of thorns is a shrub of arid regions.
Immunity is an exemption from a duty.
A camera may be used in place of the telescope eyepiece.
Eohippus is a small, primitive, extinct horse.
The dominant religion of northern Africa is Islam.
An escarpment, or scarp, is a long, continuous cliff or steep slope.
Efforts to eradicate contagious diseases have been successful.
Canada's largest lakes are the four Great Lakes.
The material comprises a short prophetic liturgy.
This would cause a buildup of sea-level air pressure at the poles.
The other principal activity in inference is estimation.
Such changes are termed eustatic changes.
Their impurity derived from their traditional occupations.
In mammals, including humans, the larynx has a flaplike structure.
The ebony family comprises five or six genera and about five hundred species.
This tenebrist style was better adapted to easel painting.
A peace treaty was also signed with Athens.
In 1947 he began to travel extensively as a healing evangelist.
Opponents hold that sex education is the exclusive right of parents.
Earthworms are various terrestrial annelids.
Brennan had lived in Europe for several years.
The highest summit is Mount Equinox near Manchester.
Sounds used in echolocation may be produced in the voice box.
Magnesium sulfate is marketed as epsom salts.
This medieval literature may be subdivided into three categories.
Squibb did research on ether and chloroform.
The plains are largely grass, with scrubby eucalypti.
The canoe was long used by sports fishermen and hunters.
Their subjects were given no such choice.
The true ebony is largely produced in Ceylon.
In the esophagus, injury may cause pain.
Voluntary euthanasia is requested by the affected individual.
Dogs evolved from a group of small, weasellike mammals.
Computers have been used for most kinds of crime, including fraud.
Clerical celibacy and monasticism were maintained.
An ecologist must  be knowledgeable in other disciplines of biology.
Experimentation continues with fuel-air explosive bombs.
The Eagle has landed.
The 24-hour light-dark solar day acts as an external oscillation.
Chapman also planted the seeds of many healing herbs.
This suppression rule has been the source of much controversy.
At the same time, they pose a formidable challenge to the reader.
Such passage rites symbolize death and rebirth.
At Eos's request, Zeus granted immortality to Memnon.
It involves many of the same techniques of observation.
The most common use of escrow is in real estate transactions.
But the purpose of his physical arguments is ethical.
The aim of the cult was to produce ecstasy.
Surgical excision of these tumors is curative.
Earthworms play a significant role in improving the soil.
Thus the old socioeconomic system had virtually collapsed.
Others incorporate the most advanced aerodynamic shapes.
Coal reserves in eastern Botswana provide electricity.
These bones can be distinguished by their embryological development.
Robert Boyle was a natural philosopher and an active empiricist.
Angola is a country located on the Atlantic coast of Africa.
Climatic zones vary with latitude.
This is called the accounting equation.
More than 50 variants were to develop.
Environmentalists objected to the project.
Equiangular triangles have the same shape.
Human factors engineers have also become concerned with monotony.
In such cases there may be more than one equivalence point.
The tornado center is an area of exceedingly low pressure.
Alfonso was elected Holy Roman emperor.
This texture probably results from extrusion of lava.
In most cases today the penalty would be excommunication.
Akron experienced its first growth surge shortly after being founded.
The initial excitation can arise by electron beam bombardment.
Excavation is not confined to dry land.
Chronologically, the prophets may be divided into four groups.
The ectoderm gives rise to the nervous system, skin, and sense organs.
In the early 20th century Paris was the center of the art world.
The oxygen atoms adhere to the carbon anodes.
In addition, the effects of ethanol can be tolerated.
Ebony trees belong to the ebony family.
He began his career as a goldsmith and engraver.
Primitive societies may be egalitarian.
Salamanders are components of a balanced ecosystem.
Sigmund Freud was among the first to describe the effect of cocaine.
The middle ear is a small box located behind the eardrum.
Most bats use echolocation in addition to vision.
The troposphere and stratosphere are separated by the tropopause.
Opiate receptors are located in parts of the thalamus.
An epic work, the novel is characterized by a bawdy exuberance.
The result of the eventual truce was the World Series.
Inserting a needle into certain points could increase energy flow.
Organic-vegetable gardeners do not use inorganic chemical pesticides.
His own paintings were often opulent.
The food bolus passes through the esophagus.
He was also a major philosopher and literary critic.
Kuwait is a nominal constitutional monarchy.
Equitable tax and administrative systems were created.
This exoskeleton has evolved from the hydrostatic type of skeleton.
Boas and vipers can also creep along with their bodies straight.
Both emigration and immigration are low.
Many vacationers stay at beach resorts along the Gulf of Mexico.
All of these agents induce a sense of euphoria.
In the Old World monkeys the eardrum is situated within the skull.
By 1893 the Examiner surpassed the Chronicle.
Eggplants are native to India and China.
In the United States, expatriation must be a voluntary act.
Woodpeckers excavate a hole in a tree.
There she rejects two suitors.
Expiration is usually by passive elastic recoil of the lungs.
Damage to the brain may be caused by pressure on brain tissue.
The terms sensory and afferent are used synonymously.
Plant physiologists study the effects of nutritional deficiencies.
The movement emphasizes values such as trust, openness, and risk taking.
During the Middle Ages, the feast was called All Hallows' Day.
Other experimental fuels include ethanol and methanol.
Embroidery may be among the world's oldest crafts.
Originally this was the master bedroom.
Eggshell and semigloss paints are available.
It reaches the Atlantic Ocean north of Bordeaux.
Its industrial eminence began in the 19th century.
Electronics companies flourished.
Plans call for it to orbit Jupiter for several months.
The nucleus then de-excites by the emission of gamma rays.
Greek writers continued to flourish during the Roman period.
At that time the vernal equinox was in the constellation Aries.
Drinking habits were largely governed by changing fashions at court.
Infallibility means, literally, immunity from error.
This work made possible the use of economical materials.
Europium oxide is used as the red phosphor in cathode-ray tubes.
The fraction emitted downward is absorbed by the Earth's surface.
Life expectancy at birth is about 50 years.
He was also elected consul.
However, turtles and tortoises have rigid shells.
This branch of anthropology is sometimes also called ethnology.
It is eyeless and earless and has no distinct head.
Abigail Adams was a prodigious letter writer.
Leopard frogs were previously used in pregnancy tests.
Gorillas also inhabit African equatorial forests.
Feedlots are now common throughout the state.
Cold advection occurs when cold air moves toward the equator.
An example of such a series is methane, ethane, propane, and butane.
Chlorine gas produces intense irritation of the mucous membranes.
Coal producers were subject to an excise tax of 15 percent.
The institute sponsors educational programs at all levels.
The mare is seasonally polyestrus.
Emeralds were discovered in 1830 in mica schists.
Delaware Bay is an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean.
Excavation revealed a series of circular postholes.
Despite the suit's bulk, it is fairly maneuverable.
The early Romans scorned cosmetics as effete.
Glaciation dissected the existing mountain ranges.
His effrontery made it difficult to ignore or discipline him.
This provides fresh air or water to the respiratory membrane.
He was minister of aviation and home secretary.
Involuntary euthanasia is implemented by the family.
The Erie Canal is now part of the New York State Barge Canal system.
The earliest bats are found in Eocene deposits.
A word's etymology is its history.
Other groups either disappeared or were nearing extinction.
Now essentially obsolete, the bromides were popular for many years.
Earthstar is found on the ground in woodlands.
The military budget was cut.
Placer deposits are syngenetic.
Almost all fish excrete large amounts of very watery urine.
The significance of the genetic damage is still uncertain.
The anteriormost section consists of the mouth and esophagus.
Sugar-beet harvesters dig the whole root from the ground.
Esperanto also has a highly productive system of constructing new words.
The Hellenistic period was a period of eclecticism.
Air and water pollution continue to erode the facades.
A separate type of equity account is used for each of these.
Its eel-like appearance is enhanced by its dorsal, anal, and tail fins.
The ectoderm is the outer layer, and the endoderm is the inner layer.
Chattanooga was the starting point for the forced exodus.
These are perhaps best seen in the insects and crustaceans.
The common earthworm grows to about twenty-five centimeters.
He investigated the dynamic nature of chemical equilibria.
Sections of the shell may be precast in a shop or on the job site.
The salt was primarily made up of magnesium sulfate.
Protecting the eyeball is a bony socket called the orbit.
Finally, excise taxes are often imposed on goods and services.
Sound is produced by inhalation and exhalation.
The cells are maintained in an incubating nutrient medium.
At the age of 15 she went to Russia to become the wife of Peter.
The theory of exterior ballistics was rapidly developed.
Extensive revisions to the constitution were made in the 1960s.
One trends northeastward toward the Pacific Ocean.
Throughout his ministry he traveled as an evangelist in Pennsylvania.
The wings of insects are moved by a hydrostatic mechanism.
These chapters are apocalyptic in character.
Masses of people moved out of the central African heartland eastward.
Some responded by introducing a wider range of courses.
All the pest species are scavengers, feeding on garbage.
It is best known for its modeled polychrome ceramic vessels.
Coarser, river-borne sediments drop out near the head of the estuary.
The reference circle of the ecliptic system is the ecliptic.
The reaction is called endothermic if heat is absorbed.
It is injectable into muscle or vein.
The erection of structural steel is accomplished with cranes.
Those who drank out of its horn were protected from poisoning.
Mitchell also performed extrasensory-perception experiments.
Fresh air courses through the air capillaries.
University entrance is highly selective and competitive.
A federal court in Connecticut denied extradition claims.
In farming, white asparagus and similar vegetables are produced.
The kidney, too, may become drug-saturated in its work.
Uses in construction include the repair and bonding of concrete.
Many tidal invertebrates are synchronized with lunar rhythms.
Bamboo and savanna-type grasses are now the dominant vegetation.
The modern Games have a more expansive athletic agenda.
Regressions occur for various reasons.
The Englishman Robert Hooke invented the anchor.
This variation is typical of Passion cycles.
Admissions are made on the basis of college grades.
Interpretations of the meaning of the Eucharist vary.
In swamps, some sedimentation occurs by vegetal entrapment.
Empiricism is the name of a broad tradition in Western philosophy.
These English victories did not extinguish the flames of rebellion.
The Communist bloc has done exceedingly well in Olympic competition.
Cleveland is a city in northeastern Ohio.
Blood flow is reduced to the skin.
The two Books of Chronicles cover Hebrew history.
Coastal benefits include chemical and organic enrichment.
Ingestion of the infected flour causes ergotism.
In Christian theology, an epiphany is a spiritual illumination.
Overgrazing in the Sahel has destroyed the short grassland ecology.
It causes amoebic dysentery, an inflammation of the intestine.
Carnivores are essential to maintaining ecological balance.
The small entrance hole may be guarded by a single bee.
Mining became an important and highly profitable activity.
These were the main in-water tools used by the British Challenger.
Generosity and sharing are functional aspects of some holidays.
At this stage most of the special-effects processing occurs.
Polyesters are a class of long-chain polymers.
These stories are among the world's finest literary portraits.
These are the only grounds for expatriation allowed.
Epilepsy is a general term for at least 30 chronic disorders.
Mammals, amphibians, and, paradoxically, marine fish excrete urea.
The largest is a 12-hour variation of about 1 millibar.
He did not carry orders to evangelize the natives.
The United States and the USSR reached accords in 1959.
Geography is thus an exceedingly complex discipline.
Cured silicone rubbers have a nonstick surface.
Lighting, once even and unobtrusive, became more selective.
An attitude is a relatively enduring system of beliefs.
Although he lived lavishly, he was also exceedingly generous.
Assistance has been in the form of low-interest loans.
Canada is also famous for its indigenous Eskimo sculpture.
This was an important milestone in the manned lunar-landing program.
They reached the coast of sub-Saharan Africa in 1441.
This reaction led to a new program of reconstruction.
Ascorbic acid is a lactone.
Veins are epigenetic.
The birds of the Antarctic ecosystem include mostly sea birds.
Chamberlain entered Parliament in 1892.
He was a trader, advisor, and special envoy for the tribe.
Government policy also moved toward equality of rights for blacks.
Still, religions can engender similar visceral feelings.
Seagoing vessels were hauled on rollers across the narrow isthmus.
After mating, the female may ensnare and feed upon her mate.
After the war he continued to espouse fascist principles.
Krill resources offer great possibilities for exploitation.
The atmosphere is warmer at the equator.
The patient may then be taught to speak again.
Academic explication of the law stresses rules and principles.
Two hypotheses could explain the origin of viruses.
Art was no longer confined to the easel and the studio.
All suspension systems use shock absorbers.
These wasps usually build a nest of mud or plant material.
The two methyl radicals can then combine to form ethane.
It is distinguished from sociology in its emphasis on understanding.
Excitation can be caused by absorption of visible light.
Eelpouts range from Newfoundland to Delaware.
The Etruscan technique of bronze working was exported to the south.
Electrical apparatus is now used in foil and epee matches.
She and Adam lived in the Garden of Eden until they were expelled.
The pragmatists wanted an earthy theory.
About 75 percent of Gabon is covered by dense tropical rain forests.
Thereafter the party's strength ebbed.
The museum has departments of anthropology, astronomy, and entomology.
Losing his popular support, Henry was forced to seek absolution.
Samuel soon broke with him.
The colonial government was dominated by the eastern planters.
It is most familiar as the psychological doctrine of empiricism.
Various other works have been attributed to him.
Only prosperous peasants were able to purchase land.
It is the industrial, political, and cultural center of the country.
Hungarian belongs to the Finno-Ugric language family.
These elements have an excess of neutrons.
Jaspers was a religious existentialist.
Japan and the USSR are significant exceptions.
Many lizards have osteoderms beneath the epidermal skin.
Einstein abandoned the hypothesis of the ether.
Cornwall is a county in the southwestern extremity of England.
This ion reacts readily with acid to produce carbon dioxide.
He codified external gestures into three areas.
The first friction match was invented in 1827 by John Walker.
Most chronic illnesses are not caused by any single etiologic agent.
This concept gave rise to the medieval ideas of witchcraft.
Epitaphs are usually terse and witty, occasionally even humorous.
The sequence of amino acids is dictated by the genetic code.
Mistresses and favorites dominated his extravagant court.
Earthshine is sunlight reflected by Earth into space.
He elucidated the embryological origins of many tissues.
The exterior, or curtain, walls are attached to the steel framework.
This book was the first of a series of luxurious gospel manuscripts.
Ecologically, they are enormously important.
He defined the enemy as world Jewry.
Emigre Cossacks reside in Europe and North America.
One of his key principles was mutualism.
At the end of that time he experienced momentary doubt.
Bands originated in the outdoor ensembles of the Renaissance.
Ultraviolet light is not the only common source of excitation.
A dwarf elliptical may contain only a few million stars.
This process is called primary embryonic induction.
It has also been created on many scales.
Lake whitefish populations were on the decline at that time.
The best understood slime molds are the cellular slime molds.
Paragraph 2 deals with extradition.
The low, broadly pitched roof allows heat to be distributed evenly.
In London she became editor of The Westminster Review.
The actual Enumeration shall be made within three years.
The Biblical prophet Ezekiel spoke of the use of a barber's razor.
He has sometimes been characterized as an unrelieved pessimist.
This compendium celebrates America and its religious Puritan leaders.
When Moses saw the idol, he was enraged and destroyed it.
Matthew's symbol as an evangelist is an angel.
A resulting  extrusion of eggs and sperm settles into the gravel.
Since World War Two, emigration has continued.
Itching seldom occurs unless the disease is in an eruptive stage.
The process involves mineral emplacement.
Astrogeologists also study extraterrestrial objects found on Earth.
Ceremonial cycles might involve the erection of a men's house.
Margaret was involved in a number of extramarital love affairs.
The third largest language stock is the Finno-Ugric subfamily.
Only one machine is still designed expressly for children.
Opponents also say that it is unnecessary in the United States.
Primitive antelope appeared in Eurasia in the late Miocene Epoch.
Equality before and under the law is guaranteed.
We have reminded them of the circumstances of our emigration.
His stylistic and allusive resources extend far beyond literature.
Amphibians possess a middle ear cavity.
The region was first visited by Europeans.
Even that proved ineffective.
The centuries-old technique of brewing involves four steps.
Females show a regular menstrual cycle of about 30 days.
Fluorescent emission is of a longer wavelength.
At least five crane species are in danger of extinction.
Wetland plants have the ability to take up excess nitrogen.
Escape from religious persecution was one reason for emigration.
Southwest of the Interior Plateau was a vast, dry, upland expanse.
Gradually, areas of higher rainfall were colonized.
From the heart it circulates to the lungs.
Gargoyles are grotesque stone figures.
Eel, lobster, and whales are also taken in great quantities.
Bats can produce and hear sounds of approximately 100,000 Hertz.
Epidemiology involves various techniques.
Disapproval may also take the form of ridicule, gossip, or ostracism.
This technique must be employed with caution.
The reproductive organs are directly continuous with their ducts.
It was followed by three other episodic novels.
Before then, speakers could be heard only by those within earshot.
Specifically, he had advertised and sold a quarterly publication.
Sediments in an estuary have both a river and an ocean source.
Meanwhile, DDT, a pesticide, became available.
He was a masterful craftsman.
Treatment was performed by medicine men or shamans.
The genitals develop under the influence of sex hormones.
Epigraphic South Arabian is known only from short inscriptions.
Equity is decreased by the owners' withdrawal of funds.
Earthworms are commonly reddish in color.
He is best known for his enunciation of the uncertainty principle.
Exodus tells how Moses led the people from Egypt.
The only species native to the United States is the Florida worm.
Electric fish generate biopotential through their electric organ.
A red eyespot, or stigma, is located at the anterior end.
The first clear-cut test came over the Espionage Act.
The brain stem contains all afferent and efferent nerve fibers.
Many examples of egalitarian societies exist.
In some cases the architects have attempted to enfold nature.
These include water, formaldehyde,  methanol, and ethanol.
Increasing concentrations of ethanol can be toxic to the liver.
The ransom demanded is usually monetary.
Unable to publish there, he was allowed to emigrate.
Everyone is susceptible to irritant-contact types of plants.
Three possible modes of beta decay exist.
Amphetamines are widely misused.
The balance sheet is based on the fundamental accounting equation.
In this sense, romanticism is more than a 19th-century movement.
The outer layer of the skin is keratinized.
They emphasize research in systematic botany.
Eggplants are perennials in nature.
It has caused human fatalities.
The association encourages public access to library shelves.
He proposed in 1853 the relationship between emission and absorption.
During part of ergot's life cycle, it infects grass flowers.
Bebop emphasized faster tempos than were usual in jazz.
The process is characterized by relatively prompt emission.
All drug products bear an expiration date on the package label.
The boulevards were painted from high vantage points.
At first the victorious animals are animated by a spirit of equality.
Hydrogenation, a reduction reaction, is exothermic.
Educated at Amherst, he practiced medicine before going to Kansas.
He frequently admits to his 40 years.
If it is superficial, redness and blisters appear after thawing.
Esther is a book in the Old Testament of the Bible.
Ephedrine is also manufactured synthetically.
Ezekiel stressed the interior qualities of religion.
Rainfall is heaviest along the coast of the Gulf of Guinea.
Today many nations grant political asylum or sanctuary.
When an insect touches a trigger hair, the two leaf halves close.
He became a master of the personified generality.
In the 60s and 70s many blacks focused on political activity.
The use of embroidery declined during the 19th century.
The middle baroque was a period of consolidation.
In fact, nutrient cycles point out human vulnerability.
George Custer led an exploratory expedition into the Black Hills.
Eelgrass is a submerged marine perennial herb.
Tears flow over the conjunctiva.
The first edition was published in 1549.
Cogeneration technology is simple, economical, and efficient.
For 25 years thereafter no new antimicrobial drugs were found.
Only rarely does a hardcover book attain the status of a best-seller.
Ethers are a class of organic compounds.
The symbolists used arcane subjects and exaggerated shapes.
In children, asthma often is associated with eczema.
The first major canal to be constructed was the Erie Canal.
The parent hydrocarbons are methane and ethane.
The hoe, or backhoe, is used primarily to excavate below the ground.
Many people do not receive the right information at the right time.
Overkilling of the carnivores may bring about population explosions.
Arthropods are characterized by a resistant integument.
Ensemble productions are noted for their brilliant lighting.
Natural mineral water can be either still or effervescent.
It was designed for use with epoxy resins.
Some Christian religious groups enjoin abstinence.
These factors ruled out the possibility of economical information.
Liabilities and equity are increased on the credit side.
Connecticut has numerous deposits of minerals.
Forms of petroleum include crude oil, or unrefined liquid petroleum.
Pogroms also occurred, with official sanction.
Paganini was a gambler.
James was assassinated in the Dominican friary at Perth.
They come as God's messengers to aid or punish.
Fats are glyceryl esters of fatty acids and yield glycerol.
A Fleming, he was named Spanish governor of San Salvador.
Another source of dietary iron exists in the form of hemoglobin.
As a freedman in Charleston, he worked at carpentry.
All members of this order have straight, parchmentlike forewings.
They based their work on surrealism's generative principle.
After his death, the earldom passed to Archibald the Grim.
Their gunfire killed 29 prisoners and 10 hostages.
It is based on Faraday's law of electrolysis.
A rifle is a small firearm that is braced against the shoulder.
Angola's population is mostly Bantu.
An egg, ovum, or female gamete is the female reproductive cell.
The Romans were reportedly obsessed with gaming and bet heavily.
Bees have branched and feathery body hairs.
Some plants, called annuals, germinate from seed and then flower.
He is often a seriocomic, graceless figure.
Chef Boy-Ar-Dee canned spaghetti and ravioli.
The Spanish failed to establish a firm foothold in Alabama.
Theatrical subjects fascinated him.
Bread was a common foodstuff in Rome.
In general, a felony is a serious offense punishable by death.
The flycatcher grows in the dry areas of Portugal and Morocco.
The facing is a sandstone veneer, often elaborately carved.
Cricket is played between two teams of 11 players on a grassy field.
A fossiliferous marine section exists in the Rhine Valley.
This action released all Henry's feudal vassals from their oaths.
In 1828 he was able to make a flatboat trip to New Orleans.
Bulbous masses of rising magma formed granitic mountains.
Air cameras are typically rigid fixed-focus instruments.
The Grecian army is divided by bickering.
Often they were intricately combined with floral motifs.
A limestone-topped cliff known as glint runs along the north coast.
Lincoln nearly lost patience through the fateful summer of 1862.
Biotin, a complex organic acid containing sulfur, is a coenzyme.
The family made fabulous toys.
Glitter rock is more of a theatrical approach than a musical style.
Fragrant and pleasant tasting, it preserved their immortality.
Some, such as the dandelion, develop light, feathery structures.
Argon is also used as an inert gas shield for electric arc welding.
The art of glassblowing spread rapidly throughout the Roman Empire.
In the Arthurian legends, Galahad was a knight of the Round Table.
Africa's major rivers have cut deep gorges in their upper courses.
The civil calendar so used is the Gregorian calendar.
Notable buildings include the Gothic-style Town Hall.
Canids typically have five toes on each forefoot.
The fugue has no strict form.
An informal fallacy does not violate the rules of logic.
Uric acid crystals are expelled with the feces.
Fungal infections will respond to chemotherapy.
In return the bank served as the government's fiscal agent.
The highest point in the state is Humphreys Peak.
The final dressing process is glazing, where the fur is combed.
Her grandnephew, Eric of Pomerania, was crowned king of all three states.
Each hole has a long fairway.
The grayling is a cold-water fish related to the salmons.
The two sides of the heart are separated by septa.
Most curries have coriander as a base.
Parker's clan grandfather was Red Jacket, a famous warrior chief.
At the higher speeds, gear noise would prove objectionable.
Remains of Homo erectus have also been found in Europe.
Airplane hijacking is the forcible seizure of a commercial aircraft.
Foreign observers were intrigued by American fighting methods.
It encompasses the finest achievements in European graphic arts.
Asian techniques of filigree and granulation were introduced.
In the presence of gravity, space-time is flat only locally.
Beardtongue is a large perennial herb or shrub.
The iron is purchased by foundries in solid form.
The voyages of Jason and the Argonauts were fraught with danger.
They can differentiate into flagellated swarm cells.
Architectural remains include a fragment of a stupa railing.
The musket was a large-caliber, smooth-bore firearm.
The number of flagella per flagellated cell varies.
The movement has close links with Freemasonry.
Frankfort was chosen as the capital.
Felonies resulted in forfeiture and sometimes in capital punishment.
Of the total area, 10 percent comprises forests and other greenery.
In his work, the tragic and farcical are fused.
The Galaxy is a member of a gravitationally bound cluster.
In October of that year, he won the featherweight title.
A glaze that froths during firing gives a rough surface.
He was a fullback in his first two years.
The most famous of the silversides is the beach-spawning grunion.
A minimal degree of fetishism can probably be found in most people.
They joined the Theatre Guild.
Grunion are famous for the nocturnal spawning runs they make.
The modern pomeranian is a short-bodied dog with a foxy head.
Bread flour is usually made from hard wheat.
By far the most widely used flatware is made of stainless steel.
His work ordered the field of electrodynamics.
In brilliant enamels and gold filigree, they were worked into combs.
Five months later Gandhi was assassinated by a Hindu fanatic.
In the 19th century, the English flageolet appeared.
Sudden pauses punctuate the intricate footwork.
European beech is used for furniture, butcher block, and firewood.
Enlisted pay grades are the same as those of the other services.
It is placed in the wall facing Jerusalem.
Iron at room temperature exhibits ferromagnetism.
It is packed with membrane-bound organelles, including mitochondria.
Geranium is the generic name of the cranesbills.
"Thickhead" is the common name for a group of shrikelike birds.
Its musicians play Mozart with exceptional finesse.
Its largest industry, however, is metal fabrication.
They are usually portrayed in their ferocious aspect.
This causes the transition to the ordered ferromagnetic state.
Louis intended a full-scale facsimile of Versailles.
Tree-ripened pears frequently have coarse or gritty flesh.
Throws and grappling are the principal techniques.
His methodical generalship defeated Spartacus.
Foxtail is a common name for several perennial or annual grasses.
Shaw formed a new group in 1940 called the Gramercy Five.
The first Gurkha regiments were formed during the war.
Shakespearean scholars have also been known to falsify evidence.
In the USSR and abroad, traditional garb has been superseded.
All known isotopes of fermium are radioactive.
Her special flair has been to mix farce with sentiment.
She studied with William Sartrain in Philadelphia.
Absolute gravity is measured by free-motion apparatuses.
Austria is basically Germanic in language and ethnic affiliation.
Flash photography is photography that makes use of artificial light.
The hyena is strong enough to carry the body of a gnu.
Patton was fatally injured in an automobile accident near Mannheim.
They are located halfway between each goalpost.
The llama, alpaca, guanaco, and vicuna are found in the Altiplano.
Although the bill is small, the mouth has a wide gape.
In some ovoviviparous fishes the embryo develops in the egg.
Although they are not true ferns, they produce fernlike foliage.
The field spaniel is a rare gundog.
The English foxhound is a medium-sized dog with pendant ears.
He served with the Grenadier Guards in World War One.
A female mule or hinny may come into heat.
The bacterial flagellum is a thin spiral filament.
Iron in food may exist primarily as ferrous, or inorganic, iron.
Anne found a situation as governess.
He succeeded his feebleminded uncle to the throne.
These had a stone or metal fulcrum and balanced metal weighing-pans.
It connects with a chimney flue for the exhaust of smoke.
Born in Geneva, he studied music in Leipzig, Dresden, and Vienna.
Nicholas also acted as the "gendarme of Europe."
Dried, the substance yields a grainy powder.
Evidence of Folsom culture has subsequently been found at other sites.
Mysterium points to the otherness of the holy.
Gourds are a large and diverse group of plants.
Some of the teeth are hollowed to serve as poison fangs.
About 90 percent of the annual tree crop is coniferous, mainly fir.
Bandicoots are solitary, lively, mainly nocturnal animals.
The most frequently mentioned are drums, bells, zithers, and flutes.
Below the white matter are globular areas of other gray matter.
The grosbeaks are primarily seedeaters.
Jain philosophy posits a gradation of beings.
Fatally wounded, he died.
Bostonians were at the forefront of colonial resistance to England.
The phobia was generalized to things other than rats.
Soon, forcible conversions were carried out.
Their island is among the fabled Spice Islands.
Later a more gracile hominid, called homo habilis, was discovered.
Goldenrod is a genus in the sunflower family.
It is grayish tan with dark stripes.
The third great forest zone is found along the humid Pacific coast.
Most shields consist of metamorphic rocks, mainly gneiss.
Geomorphology studies landforms.
The Mills grenade was an easily gripped pineapple shape.
The Fahrenheit scale is a temperature scale.
Balsam fir is also a popular Christmas tree.
Both factory employment and number of factories have increased.
Gallic religious life too was localized and pluralistic.
At the age of 24 he published his first collection of hymns.
Internal structures, also made of flagstone, include hearths.
Manchu China was, in this period, much too formidable.
Also of great importance was the extension of the Gothic Revival.
The process is usually done by machine in a factory.
Many basic gymnastic events were practiced.
The single oarsman, or gondolier, propels the boat.
He rose rapidly, being made a gentleman of the bedchamber.
The galleon was a large, 3- or 4-masted ship.
The play may have been intended to gratify James the First.
Born in Canada, he made a fortune as a financier.
In another transformation he became a trader and a gunrunner.
Genealogical descent is traced through the male line.
Many participants were lured by the fabulous riches of the East.
The natural fauna includes giraffe, lion, impala, and gemsbok.
Such a codification is called formalization.
Irwin landed the Falcon on the Apennine mountain front.
A gondola is a small, highly maneuverable boat.
Nuclear fission fuels are a legacy from the Earth's formation.
Dunite occurs in layered, gabbroic igneous complexes.
Early wine bottles were globular with a round base.
Galleons were more slender than previous sailing ships.
A child prodigy, Gauss taught himself reading and arithmetic.
Among its other products are Godiva chocolates.
When the glaciers retreated, they left dams of moraine.
In 1787 the first steam-powered ferry boat was operated.
Ali regained the championship in a 1974 bout with George Foreman.
Frankincense is an aromatic gum resin from trees.
The fashion was for light filigree.
Long-time novelist Janet Frame continues to publish internationally.
The plane was then flown to Algiers.
Vegetation consists of patches of forest and grassy meadows.
Even without this frill the head was huge.
In the Cyclades, individual slab-lined cist-graves were prevalent.
Marine and continental limestones are often fossiliferous.
The Knight offers a romance with philosophic overtones.
Firestone introduced detachable rims and the balloon tire.
Chickens were domesticated from Indian jungle fowl.
Michelangelo employed cartoons for his famous fresco series.
Diorite occurs around margins of granitic batholiths.
Jekyll is fatally attracted to his alter ego.
Flycatcher is the common name for insectivorous songbirds.
He graduated from Oxford University.
The nervous system of mollusks consists of ganglionic centers.
All are members of the goosefoot family.
Alloys with low melting temperatures are used as fusible elements.
Flannels are napped by brushing wires gently over the fabric.
It is formed by the action of carbonated solutions on galena.
The earliest card games were probably gambling ones.
Grizzled gray is the most common color.
A flying squirrel is a rodent that glides, rather than flies.
Plants and animals can also obtain energy by fermentation.
The bur reeds are grasslike aquatic and marsh plants.
Her tryst with her sister's fiance results in tragedy.
Grosbeak means "thick bill."
Congress legislated separate Fugitive Slave laws.
A sealed flashbulb contains fine magnesium or other metallic wire.
The flute is a woodwind instrument that dates from ancient times.
Aquinas formulated a fourfold classification of types of law.
Most have one or two flagella.
Their name is Algonquian for "people of the filthy water."
Space limitations here prohibit that format.
He protected schools from sectarianism.
Fleming used the diode, initially called the Fleming valve.
The ferrotype used collodion on varnished metal.
The moderately short tail is carried gaily.
Fennel oil is used in liqueurs, candies, and perfumes.
Merrick was rescued from a life as a carnival freak.
This is called a fiduciary relationship.
The furor waned, and TV sex and violence continued to flourish.
Similarly baroque in inspiration is the covered goblet.
Roots are positively geotropic.
Grayling, pike, pickerel, and trout are found in the lakes.
Forgery is the fraudulent alteration of a written document.
Forensic chemists work in crime laboratories.
The revolutionists offered feeble resistance at first.
He was greatly affected by his father's execution by guillotine.
Some show an apparently featureless continuum.
He frequently interrupts his text with graphics.
Most believers were also immigrants, largely Fulani from the west.
He was an English administrator and geographer.
It was essentially an envelope made of fireproof fiberglass cloth.
Hayfields provide fodder for small herds of cattle and sheep.
Another unusual crustacean is the gall crab.
These cosmopolitan herbs have submersed and emersed feathery foliage.
Antitoxins are antibodies found in the gamma globulin in blood.
The term "fillet of sole" initially pertained to this fish.
At its best the Jacobean style is a fanciful imaginative style.
He also published a celebrated exposure of literary forgery.
The result was a fluorocarbon.
Most ammeters measure direct current.
Like our galaxy, the Andromeda galaxy has globular clusters.
Among the more familiar corals are the gorgonian, or horny, corals.
The feldspar grains are fresh, unaltered, and only slightly rounded.
It has become a federation of local automobile clubs.
The chemical element gallium is a bluish metal.
Some of these particles, called quarks, have fractional charges.
During World War Two, he worked on gunfire control.
Serge, gabardine, and cheviot are major types of twill.
A fluoroscope consists of an X-ray source and a fluorescent screen.
The book contains some ferocious antipapal satire.
The stage tricks simulating gory acts were well-guarded secrets.
This process results in a series of donor DNA fragments.
The apatites are a family of calcium phosphate minerals.
The smoking lounge beneath the foyer is decorated in black glass.
Reindeer originally inhabited the tundra and northern woodlands.
Faro is a 17th-century gambling game.
Many types of primitive flutes are known throughout the world.
Both ferrous and nonferrous metals can be forged.
He joined the folkish New Christie Minstrels.
Saint Andrew's parish church and the guildhall have been remodeled.
Galena is a widespread mineral deposited by hydrothermal solutions.
Locomotor, or movement, patterns are highly variable.
The issuing of greenbacks was intended to be a temporary measure.
The concept of plate tectonics finally came to fruition.
The term most often refers to fractional distillation.
In Gaelic folklore, a banshee is a female spirit.
Coover won the William Faulkner Award for his first novel.
Asian elephants live in tropical grassy plains and jungle areas.
Galilee was the northern province of ancient Palestine.
Roulette probably originated in the late 18th century.
Colloidal silver is used as an antiseptic and germicide.
Labor is divided between the sexes in taro and banana gardening.
He worked for many years at the Geophysical Laboratory.
Angels are a popular subject in folklore, literature, and art.
It is said that Frederick maintained special gallows.
Materials such as fulminate of mercury explode instantly when burned.
The sperm of cycads are flagellated and motile.
He gradually replaced Parsifal as the hero of the Grail legends.
A famous tourist spot, Hawaii is called the Aloha State.
Highly frugal in his expenditures, he left the empire.
A sense of futility permeates his stories.
Ferrite-core memories are nonvolatile.
For example, glycine can exist in an aqueous system.
The best known of the posthumous works are three fragmentary novels.
Domesticated guinea fowl are often reared for their meat.
The religious wars became most ferocious in France.
Modern libraries must also grapple with rapidly growing costs.
Five major physiographic regions may be differentiated.
Microfossils are particularly well preserved in certain dark cherts.
A threadfin is a marine, mostly inshore, tropical fish.
The festivity is generated by the mere presence of the musician.
Fitch was graduated from McGill University in 1948.
Formalist criticism develops this notion.
Gat, the slang term for pistol, is derived from Gatling's name.
The goshawk is an excellent hunter.
She specializes in suspense and historical thrillers.
A felucca is a slim, lightly constructed sailing ship.
Almost all frogs practice external fertilization.
Fowl, pigs, and humans have been poisoned by henbane.
Each syllable ends with a light glottal stop for emphasis.
In civil law, fraud is an element in the tort of deceit.
Certain species are known as hobbies, kestrels, or falconets.
Franklin proposed that the colonies form a self-governing federation.
Festive pieces often have parts for brass instruments.
New and old ideas were freely circulating.
Cryolite is a mineral, sodium aluminum fluoride.
These ribbons are collected in the press-folder system.
Other subsidiaries of BankAmerica engage in mortgage banking.
A zebra stallion gathers together a small harem of mares.
The principal agricultural products are wheat and fodder crops.
Funk also studied other food factors.
Nestlings gape when a parent bird arrives at the nest.
Newton discovered fluxional calculus.
Some species are also called garland flower or spurge laurel.
Locales may be as fictitious as Ruritania, or as real as Paris.
The Appalachian Trail is a mountain-hiking footpath.
Criminalistic services are provided by forensic chemists.
Snails and slugs can be serious agricultural pests.
Floodplain alluvium is composed mostly of stratified clay.
Grub is the name commonly applied to the immature larval stage.
Such equations can be solved algebraically or graphically.
It was a reaction against the frivolity of the previous generation.
Twelve days later, Union troops surrounded Richard Garret's farm.
His style could be by turns grandiloquent or colloquial.
In the foothills, pinon pine and gnarled juniper appear.
Almost all gouty patients are men, usually over 30 years old.
Dana developed the geosynclinal-contraction hypothesis.
Gregory was in the forefront of the antiwar movement.
Paired ganglia in successive segments fuse together.
Icebergs float low.
The ferrotype, or tintype, was a negative photograph.
Mount Fuji is a dormant volcano.
The Galilean satellites of Jupiter eclipse one another.
Eventually the standard rectangular format was established.
Gusty surface winds and heavy precipitation characterize a squall.
The walls of the gizzard have heavy layers of muscle.
He spent 3 futile years in the plains crossed by the Orinoco River.
Most bacteria reproduce asexually by binary fission.
The French flageolet was a type of fipple flute.
Another early instrument is a large barrel-shaped bronze gong.
Marshall wrote almost 30 books, including "The River and the Gauntlet."
Huge shredders reduce an automobile to fist-size pieces in seconds.
The barnacle is mostly hermaphroditic.
The Afroasiatic family is considered a distinct language grouping.
The Gossamer Condor was subsequently presented to the Smithsonian.
The penicillins are effective against most gram-positive bacteria.
Volvox colonies foreshadow multicellular differentiation.
A member of the Franciscan Order, he was prominent in papal affairs.
It was the first American zoo to have fenceless animal enclosures.
Often they measure factual knowledge through recall.
Their leaves are fleshy, stiff, and spiny along the edges.
In many birds, the gizzard is enlarged.
The bitterroot grows in the gravelly foothills of the Rockies.
It has been described as a fabulous invalid.
Bowen was raised among the Anglo-Irish gentry.
On the other hand, the filbert's root system is more fibrous.
The sites of gaseous exchange in crustaceans are varied.
North America has the rose-breasted grosbeak.
Heart diseases of the myocardium can involve it directly.
Fescue is worldwide in distribution.
Crossbills are any of three species of small birds.
Guncotton was first produced by nitrating cotton fibers.
The flamboyant use of cosmetics dimmed considerably.
Such solids are now called quasicrystals or glassy crystals.
They keep their nests clean, not fouling them with feces.
John Paul the Second has been an active and forceful pontiff.
The frogman may carry a wide variety of specialized gear.
"Tom Jones" recounts the adventures of the foundling Tom.
Those falling in moist regions germinate.
In the foregoing example the father created the trust in his will.
The slopes of Fujiyama are seriously eroded.
The organisms are transmitted to man by the bite of tsetse flies.
Truman considered Korea a Soviet-inspired feint.
The flesh side of the hide or skin is much thicker and softer.
Quaternary deposits also have economic value.
Garter snakes are slender.
As it happened, the rebel gamble failed.
Fuchsias are small shrubs or trees.
One species has well-developed gills.
Pyrite is readily oxidized to create sulfuric acid.
More-punitive policies are probably forthcoming.
Greasewood contains soluble oxalates.
A fluke is a parasitic flatworm.
Gentile's early training was in his father's shop.
Living frugally, he invested his tax revenues in the army.
Phototaxis is the response to light, geotaxis to gravity.
The term "facade" may designate any prominent outer facet or surface.
The gumbo-limbo is a tropical tree.
In early newsreels, the events were restaged.
Native birds include flamingo, pelican, duck, and snipe.
This often happens in the opening plays of a football game.
Accessible only by boat, the grotto is about 53 meters long.
The rift valleys are elongated grabens.
Geodesy is concerned with the shape of the Earth.
Mercuric fulminate is an explosive that is sensitive to impact.
A feminist, Austin was an active proponent of social causes.
His forceful personality and holiness encouraged recruits.
Straight whiskeys are flavorful.
The satires of Horace are genial and ironic comments on Roman life.
The golem of medieval legend was a clay robot.
Accuracies of gravimetric analyses vary greatly.
Breeding is also possible by the absorption of neutrons in thorium.
Formulaic passages may also extend over several lines.
A single furnace can produce as much as 10,000 tons of molten iron.
The protagonist, Sir Gawain, survives two tests.
Gastritis is an inflammation of the stomach lining.
Superfluidity is a peculiar state of matter.
Its coat, called fitch by furriers, is dark brown to black.
Note that the fulcrum need not be between the input and output.
The British throne passed to a granddaughter of George the Third.
Forensic psychiatrists analyze human behavior and personality.
Blue grama and buffalo grass grew in the west.
She was hearty, forthright, and totally uninhibited.
His mysticism was ideally suited to the fervent religious climate.
The shoulder girdle supports the forelimbs.
In primitive animals, the forebrain lags in development.
All branches of the family have masculine and feminine gender.
Freight cars tended to be of three types.
Cells vary in shape from filamentous to spherical.
Crown, a fast-living gambler, flees after committing a murder.
The symptoms of acute gastritis include discomfort after eating.
Sex organs, or gametangia, develop on the dorsal side of the plant.
Guncotton is a nitrocellulose explosive.
Fodder is the dried parts of plants used for feeding livestock.
The electrons cause the phosphor to fluoresce.
Axons of functionally similar neurons are frequently grouped.
Percutaneous removal of stones employs a fiberoptic nephroscope.
An individual piece of ice in the pack is called a floe.
Since then the glockenspiel has been used effectively in music.
Virtually all Afghans are Muslim, four-fifths of them Sunni.
The order of grammatical elements in a sentence must also be noted.
When he is in a warrior frenzy he attacks anyone in the vicinity.
The clouds of Uranus and Neptune are essentially featureless.
They often flick their short tails, which are cocked upward.
The danger of disease is minimized by keeping the filters operating.
Representatives of the elliptical galaxies exist at both extremes.
Most social fraternities began in semisecrecy.
Other elastomers are used in hosiery and footwear.
It nests in grassy fields of the northern United States.
He was a music professor at Gresham College.
Austrasia was the eastern kingdom of the Frankish empire.
Fragrances and fixatives are diluted and blended in pure alcohol.
Famous wares include the ivory-white Ting ware.
Boron trifluoride is a catalyst in the alkylation of benzene.
A flamboyant figure in life, he has become a legend.
Originally, however, a guaranty was a separate agreement.
According to tradition, some fairies live in an organized community.
Geothermal energy is widely exploited.
Fixatives are used to bind the various fragrance elements together.
Galactic clusters are considerably less dense.
Other grackles are the South American red-bellied grackle.
The Brussels griffon is a toy breed of dog.
His first flight was as commander of Gemini 8.
Well-known doxologies include the Glory to God.
Most ciliates have an oral groove and fixed mouth, or gullet.
Working in another popular genre, De Palma directed Scarface.
Coarser grades of jute are made into gunny sacking.
Spores, produced by sporophytes, germinate.
In The Federalist, Hamilton described these purposes.
His overriding theme is the Holocaust.
Francophile German princes eagerly adopted the latest fashions.
Its major industry is groundnut processing.
This collection of membranes is called the golgi apparatus.
He fostered the planting of soil-enriching clover and fodder crops.
Fleas are tiny, dark red, blood-sucking insects.
Simple gasification processes have been in use for over a century.
Battle scenes were used to decorate the frieze of the marble.
Mortals occasionally discover fairyland by accident.
The color may be red, wheat, grizzle and tan, or black and tan.
Flamingos are large wading birds.
With fame came notoriety.
The globulins are even larger protein molecules than albumin.
Nevada leads the nation in the manufacture of gaming devices.
Burgundy became part of the Frankish kingdom.
Flounder are species of chiefly marine, carnivorous flatfish.
He became largely a figurehead.
Rates of mutation for specific genes can be measured.
Whip-poor-wills are related to the nighthawk.
Geopolitics had its beginnings in the early 20th century.
Simple systems may employ gyroscopic stabilization.
Most laccoliths are thought to form by deep igneous activity.
The English scientist Benjamin Robins laid the groundwork.
In Argentina they painted gauchos on the pampas.
Steinbeck grew up in Salinas Valley, a rich agricultural area.
Members of the gorgonian coral group are often present in reefs.
As with mosses, sperms of liverworts are flagellated.
The histogram is the most common graphical display.
The younger greenstone belts originated as volcanic chains.
Elaborate fantasy realizations were constructed around such themes.
Several techniques have been used to overcome flutter.
He won the gamble.
It does not explain the emergence of a creative genius.
The flying gurnards are marine tropical fishes.
His last governorship was of his native island of Guernsey.
A tunicate larva has the general form of a tadpole.
Flumes are also used to study the structure of fluid turbulence.
At later stages of development, the fetus floats in amniotic fluid.
Femoral pores are absent.
In one group, a fleshy stalk supports the plates and body.
Instead, male polyps release sperm that fertilize eggs.
At the top of the shank was a fixed crosspiece, the stock.
The most common glycol is ethylene glycol.
He rejected the geocentric and anthropocentric universe.
Some types of kale are raised for cattle fodder.
His satirical, occasionally erotic verse appeared in Naturborn.
The best known of these groups is the shriners.
He frescoed parts of the Basilica.
The flutter kick is used to add some forward thrust.
Interest in coal gasification has recently been renewed.
The alcohol extract of mace is used in pickles and sauces.
Guavas have yellowish skin with many seeds.
A goalkeeper may stop a shot with his or her stick or body.
A flashlight is an example of a series circuit.
In the Bible, Goliath was a Philistine warrior.
In gratitude, Gordius dedicated his oxcart to Zeus.
The filamentous adult worms continuously migrate.
Commuters from the suburbs travel through the greenbelt.
A guaranty is distinct from a warranty.
Guano accumulates on the floors of these caves.
The furnace heated the boiler that supplied hot water.
The phenotypic expression of a genotype depends on the environment.
Examples are the modern orchestral flute and the fife.
He also created the George Cross for civilian gallantry.
A grenade is a small bomb filled with explosives.
Its glance killed whatever it encountered.
It became rapidly apparent that this was a futile dream.
The Franks invaded the region in the 5th century.
Gold seekers left scars along every stream and gulch.
There are three lines of genealogy.
Both genera are members of the geranium family.
The fertile lands of the Ukraine were also opened for settlement.
They are especially important in the technique of fresco painting.
It is also placed to the right when flown with flags of states.
It may also be brought on by loss of gastric acids.
The Fascists took complete control of the state.
It is a member of the finch family.
Most geckos are somber browns or grays.
The so-called Granger states included Minnesota and Iowa.
The forested vegetation zone contains more than 20,000 species.
The embryo, or fetus, and placenta are drawn into the tube.
Churchill did not then foresee the full Soviet threat.
Such amorphous metals were first made by splat cooling.
The ostrich has long, featherless legs, each with two toes.
The creditor, or garnishor, obtains a court order.
Lumbago is common and is often due to gynecologic causes.
Simple larceny, a misdemeanor, is the taking of property.
Plant tissue converts the chemical to a glycoside.
Greeley was forceful and outspoken on the many causes he espoused.
Greenbacks were the earliest paper money.
A simple example is the fallacy of using irrelevant data.
The newborn is called a foal.
In the liver, cholesterol is the precursor of the bile acids.
It is often pessimistic, depicting a fruitless search.
Prescriptions may be less expensive if filled generically.
Short fuzz fibers, linters, are also attached to the seed.
The plan failed, but the French never forgave Charles.
This glassy phase may also give the ware a smooth, polished surface.
Semiconductor memories have rapidly replaced ferrite cores.
There was a flange on the lower jaw to cover and protect these teeth.
Magnetite is now known to be a ferrite rather than a ferromagnet.
Gars are long, slender, highly predaceous fish.
It is authorized to buy and sell fissionable materials.
Stokowski appeared in several films during the 30s and 40s.
The Plains Indians came to call them Flatheads.
Highly burnished gold leaf was also used for the foliate initials.
Fluoridation is the process of adding fluoride to water supplies.
He begins his work by heating a piece of iron in a furnace.
After the Civil War he was an agent for the financier Daniel Drew.
The Gond are a people of central India.
Ratification was vigorously opposed by the anti-federalists.
His work verified the germ theory of disease.
The mouth opens into a gastrovascular cavity.
Legally, there are two kinds of rape, forcible and statutory.
Initially these were multibarreled weapons.
It is used in gynecological treatment in oral doses.
Some beetles transmit viral, bacterial, or fungal agents.
Both Marxism and Freudianism have left a deep imprint on literature.
Pumice is a frothy volcanic glass, usually light in color.
Mustangs, also called cayuses and sometimes broncos, are wild horses.
They include geothermal energy, hydroelectric power, and peat.
A Democrat again, he was elected governor of Massachusetts.
After World War Two, some Filipinos found jobs in factories.
Approximately 10 million Africans were forcibly removed from Africa.
Arctic-Alpine flora such as gentian are found near sea level.
His unstable nature combined with a frenetic life.
This involves the ore-flotation process.
The mantle is a gauze or cotton webbing impregnated with thorium.
The glass is formed into different shapes by the glassblower.
They are normally set at Greenwich Mean Time.
It is commonly used as building insulation and in flotation devices.
The simplicity and scantiness of this garb would not be seen again.
Swiss chard is grown only for its leaves.
The Flathead began to trade their beaver and bison skins for guns.
The gecko can walk up walls and across ceilings.
The disease is characterized by fragility in capillaries.
Seen from above, the auroral curtain appears along oval belts.
The name Oregon was first applied to a fictitious river.
The federal government has built artificial levees.
He was suspended for participating in a fracas.
In one form, the condemned man was dragged to the gallows.
The most commonly counterfeited object is money.
The felt fez of Turkish origin has all but disappeared.
The block on top is the hanging wall, that beneath is the footwall.
Factionalism and violence marred his short second tenure.
This assault lacked adequate naval gunfire support.
Ground copra is heated and pressed to extract the oil.
Soft, even gelatinous cell surfaces are usual.
He conquered the mountain fastness of North Wales.
This central area is a featureless plain.
The ukulele is a small, guitar-shaped instrument.
Its official name is the Federative Republic of Brazil.
Was it actually a point or did it have a finite size?
Many are highly fossiliferous and represent ancient shell banks.
These methods were fraught with uncertainties.
The reaction involves the direct fixation of nitrogen.
Bubonic plague is an acute infection in humans.
The earliest productive mines were in the Golconda region of India.
The best known types are the epic, the saga, and the folktale.
Early Japanese aristocrats showed a fondness for bonsai.
Automatic scrapers remove the mineral-laden froth.
The Fenian cycle is a body of early Irish heroic tales.
Naturally occuring vegetable oils and fats are esters of glycerol.
One is the Precambrian Gunflint Chert.
It was carried with its wheels folded, in the descent stage.
Fireweed is a robust perennial herb.
He died from a gunshot wound in Tennessee.
The erosion cycle of a volcano starts with gully erosion.
This theorem did not affect the fundamental idea of formalism.
The breadfruit is the globular or oval fruit of the breadfruit tree.
The farthingale disappeared during the baroque 17th century.
A chandelier is a lighting fixture suspended from a ceiling.
Young, flirtatious, and indiscreet, she was accused of adultery.
The Spanish flotilla was devastated in a naval battle.
Fighting on a smaller scale continued during the second UN truce.
The bitter taste is supplied by orange peel, gentian root, and rhubarb.
Goiter is an enlargement of the thyroid gland.
These particles accumulate in the froth on the surface.
During inspiration the rib cage expands and the glottis opens.
This was a foretaste of events to come.
Within lies the Grande Place, or Great Square.
English and Netherlandic also share several sound characteristics.
Gemsbok live in deserts of southern Africa.
The heart is also prone to rapid arrhythmias known as fibrillation.
At the end of gastrulation, the groove disappears.
Except for the musk deer, all of them lack a gall bladder.
For 7 years he was under the guardianship of Baldwin.
The geodetic zenith is perpendicular to the surface at that point.
In Hinduism, a guru is a religious teacher.
The governance of the empire followed two patterns.
His metalwork and decoration was bold, imaginative, and facile.
Adults of one botfly, the cattle grub, lay their eggs on cows.
Africa has the highest fertility rate in the world.
Fahrenheit's original scale was evidently based on two fixed points.
The Guarani lived in villages made up of several households.
The modern blast furnace is essentially a giant stove.
The modes of fertilization vary.
Some aquarists establish balanced tank communities.
A florid and artificial style of acting held the stage.
Conversely, the master may goad the disciple by remaining silent.
A story that is told only once does not qualify as a folktale.
Its coloration is usually sorrel, chestnut, or roan.
Polycarbonate has been used as a vandal-proof glazing.
The origin of glazes and glazing techniques is unknown.
Jewfishes are large groupers of the sea bass family.
Goldstone Tracking Station is the main data-acquisition station.
Flotsam are any goods or parts of a ship found floating at sea.
Forensic scientists also play a vital role in criminal trials.
Some of his poems contain forceful and frank language.
Ferromagnetism is characterized by a strong, permanent magnetization.
Both are common farmland birds.
The grasslands also support a great diversity of birds.
Fraternal births are polyzygotic.
This very hot flame is used to melt metal edges.
The Freon group of fluorocarbons includes Freon eleven.
These create the problems of work, friendship, and sexual love.
Gunnels are small, eellike fishes.
The fertility of crops is of basic importance in this dry area.
Grapeshot and canister were used to cut down massed troop formations.
Commerce and trade boomed among the far-flung possessions.
Resorts are especially popular in the mountain and foothill areas.
Such maneuvers were demonstrated in the Gemini and Apollo flights.
The coat is coarse, grizzled brown above, and pale below.
Guidance was obtained by a three-axis gyropilot.
Its reputation as a ferocious killer is probably an exaggeration.
Black humor is a mordant, aggressive, iconoclastic type of comedy.
Belgrade has a university and a surviving Turkish mosque.
Arcadius was a weak ruler dominated by his ministers.
The eastern deciduous forest biome mantles the foothills.
Some cultures may be said to look too favorably upon drinking.
They include the artificial horizon, a gyroscope-mounted device.
As First Lady, she was a skillful political hostess.
Only wheat flour contains gluten.
The environment was often polluted with filth and smoke.
The first step in using a gravimeter is to level the meter.
Graffiti are characteristically urban.
The lizard's ribs are never forked.
Gluten bread contains reduced amounts of starch.
Rodent fleas may also transmit murine typhus from rodents to humans.
The plan prepared for a fourfold extension of Amsterdam.
The dense head of foliage resembles the tail of a fox.
This fungus serves as the sole food of these ants.
A solid-liquid mixture is transferred onto a porous material.
Schmitt, a geologist, flew to the moon.
Except among the Flathead, intertribal warfare was rare.
The faces of rails, uprights, and gates were elaborately carved.
Fenugreek extract has a maple flavor.
The isolated farmstead is the more common rural settlement pattern.
In 1861 he bought a small foundry.
Most fumaroles are found in areas of recent volcanic activity.
Adjacent to the foramen magnum are two protuberances.
Gold was discovered at Goldcreek.
Filberts are deciduous shrubs or small trees.
The conception of the geisha as a prostitute is false.
He sank into debt and was assisted by a brother Freemason.
During birth, babies may contract gonococcal eye disease.
She gave her farewell concert in New York.
The maker of crafts may be titled craftsperson or artisan.
But the Visigoths were fickle allies.
The nucleotide bases are adenine, cytosine, and guanine.
The flange served as a guard for the down-pointing canines.
He entered the foundry business with his brother.
The Sun takes about 200 million years to orbit the galactic center.
The ancient Egyptians employed fumigation to reduce infestation.
A blue galloon border was devised.
Surfing demands the grace of a gymnast coupled with good balance.
To combat the corporations' power, the Grangers organized.
Basil is an annual herb.
They spawn in cool water over clean, gravelly river bottoms.
Roosevelt used radio to broadcast his fireside chats.
At least one close flyby is planned of volcanically active Io.
The constellation is noted for containing a cluster of galaxies.
The bulrush is a grasslike plant in the sedge family.
The walls were decorated with brilliantly colored frescoes.
The reflecting goniometer is used to measure external morphology.
He excelled in the virtues most admired by the Sioux.
In 1740 he became a gardener at Stowe, Buckinghamshire.
In each, Ptolemy explains a specific aspect of his geocentric world.
Dopamine is concentrated most heavily in the basal ganglia.
Some specimens fluoresce green.
A font is a basin, usually of stone, lead, or marble.
Andesite is often difficult to distinguish from basalt.
He spent part of his formative years in southern France.
The fluorometer is a photoelectric instrument.
A bolt is an externally threaded fastening device.
The last years of the reign were devoted to a futile war.
Fife is a former county, now an administrative region.
All instruments have one or more formant regions.
Italian fascism was founded in Milan.
These gods share to some extent the features of the Godhead.
Nitroglycerin is a pale yellow oil.
She created a furor by raising her skirts above the ankle.
The Gullah language is a creolized English still spoken.
Gonium is a genus of unicellular organisms.
Adam used classical forms with great freedom.
Twain drew extensively from his personal experiences.
The state is on the Atlantic migratory bird flyway.
Conrad's characters live in a hostile, amoral world.
Rich in feldspars and quartz, gneisses also contain mica minerals.
Fetishists also fixate upon body parts such as eyes, ears, and hair.
It is composed of microscopic grains of feldspar and quartz.
Some facet-cut gems may have more than 100 facets.
Gases are used to fumigate enclosed spaces.
They have linear, grasslike or swordlike leaves.
The galleon showed most of its guns through ports cut in the hull.
Generically, the zither includes the clavichord and harpsichord.
This deciduous tree has fanlike leaves and rudimentary cones.
The small perennials have fibrous roots and stiff, grasslike leaves.
The folk fairy tale belongs to the oral tradition of the folktale.
The goniometer is used in crystallography.
The lighter isotope of uranium is fissionable.
Soon after, Buckingham was assassinated by a Puritan fanatic.
Various developments follow pollination and fertilization.
It followed the Gemini manned-flight program.
A graduate of West Point, he was awarded three brevets.
The state's first newspaper was the Arkansas Gazette.
The first book published in America was the Bay Psalm Book.
They captured the India base of Goa in 1510.
Certified nurse-midwives may perform episiotomies.
Two types of chiefdom traditionally existed in this culture area.
This plant is often featured in florist shops.
In fact, he was a gluttonous and superstitious illiterate.
The most valuable lead ore is galena.
The Black Douglases came to an end when a dynastic feud erupted.
Chemically and mineralogically, gabbro is equivalent to basalt.
Some flukes attack only one kind of fish, amphibian, or reptile.
Geodesic domes may be insulated.
He portrayed the ghoulish Uncle Fester in the television series.
Freehand drawing produces a sketch rendered with only pencils.
One grandson became king of Hungary as Charles the First.
He was an able administrator and governed with gentleness.
No medical prevention or amelioration seems forthcoming.
The caracara is a long-legged, carrion-eating bird.
The cancan is a rowdy dance.
Fluorine salts are called fluorides.
Geodesic precession is an effect due to general relativity.
Early Filipino immigrants were mostly young men.
The glottal stop is made by briefly closing the vocal cords.
A kittiwake gull builds an elaborate nest with a deep cup.
Why Fahrenheit chose 96 degrees for body heat is not known.
Gallium is a relatively rare metal.
The most glorious period in the city's history was the 5th century.
His poems are often short, probing, sometimes gnomic.
In particular they advocate the use of fiscal and monetary policies.
Formants also differentiate vowels in speaking and singing.
Snapdragons are a genus of flowering plants.
Grizzly bears are closely related to the Alaska brown bears.
The operation of the mechanical flotation cell is simple.
Fez became the capital of Arab Morocco.
It affiliated with the American Federation of Labor.
Its name is derived from the Latin word formica, for ant.
Groundling spectators in the yard had to stand throughout.
Borage's starlike blue flowers bloom throughout the summer.
Growth movements in response to gravity are called geotropism.
Yeast performs its leavening function by fermenting carbohydrates.
Connective tissues, or stroma, form the foundation or framework.
Franklinite is a zinc and iron-manganese oxide.
Once a blastula is formed, the embryo begins to gastrulate.
The red algae are multicellular branching filamentous seaweeds.
A need was felt for unity in the face of anti-union legislation.
The Chickasaw Nation was established in 1856.
Ferrets are mammals belonging to the weasel family.
When forests are destroyed by fire, fireweed soon appears.
An oxbow lake develops on a river floodplain.
Some are fleshy, like the berry of tomato and orange.
In the flatbed press there is a flat printing surface.
In addition to a tibia, the leg contains a fibula.
Gymnasia accept 20 percent of secondary students in Germany.
The femur is present.
The signals are picked up by a facsimile receiver.
Flatworm is the common name for flat-bodied, wormlike animals.
The purpose of freemasonry is to enable men to meet in harmony.
The gearbox contains a set of planetary gears.
Firebrick is used for lining fireplaces and furnaces.
Exceptions occur among the goldfinches and redpolls.
As a result of faulty technique the mural deteriorated.
Gymnasia now specialize in particular subjects, such as pedagogy.
Traditionally, geisha were like indentured servants.
Its outstanding feature is the foramen magnum.
Its presence is an indication of fecal pollution of waterways.
The pendant, globular nest has side entrances.
Kinship does not depend on factual knowledge of conception.
A special neural foundation is the basis for the fixed action.
He allied the papacy with the Frankish king Charlemagne.
All species of flatfishes are bottom-dwellers.
It climaxed a longtime rivalry and feud between two famous actors.
These collapsed gravitationally and a disk was formed.
Cirrhosis may be caused by infections such as hepatitis.
The name "fluorine" is derived from the mineral fluorspar.
All honeys are complex mixtures of the sugars fructose and glucose.
The University of Alberta grants graduate degrees.
These include the bronchoscope and the gastroscope.
Since 1948, EDB was used to fumigate soils for grain cultivation.
A large and abnormally bright meteor is referred to as a fireball.
Each floral whorl has evolved from leaves.
The plant body consists of a tiny flat leaf, or frond, that floats.
Formic acid is a protective chemical found in ants.
For the most part, the faster a film is, the more grainy it appears.
Grouse are popular game birds.
Nonrenewable resources originate from two processes.
They are then stitched into the complete garment.
The photosynthetic process is divided into two stages.
Block printing is the forerunner of modern letterpress printing.
They exemplify the narrative use of bas-reliefs.
The Atlantic halibut is a voracious feeder.
The Ganda are a Bantu-speaking people.
Most brachiopods are attached by a fleshy, muscular stalk.
The greenback was a green paper note issued by the United States.
Gabbro is a coarse-grained plutonic rock.
Numerous factors contribute to the determination of genotypes.
Grappling hooks were used to board enemy vessels.
He condemned the frenzy for war with Austria.
His celebrated tact and geniality were exploited.
His most memorable images are fantasy creations of witches.
It is the giant, or tropical, gar.
He ran unsuccessfully for the governorship of Massachusetts.
Jesus was conscious of a unique filial relationship with God.
Falcons are raptorial birds, or birds of prey.
In hindsight these stories are believed to have been groundless.
The tale concerns Frankenstein, a German student scientist.
The most widely used and studied compound is gallium arsenide.
Its chief flaw is that Gantry appears as pure villain.
Flux is a material used in metal refining.
The Filipino revolt against the Spanish broke out in 1896.
The American goldfinch frequents bushes and trees.
Astrogeology applies principles of geology and geochemistry.
Closed-cell foams are required for flotation devices.
The many others that followed affect the gamut of American life.
It featured the typical American format of three rings.
Gambia is a tiny coastal republic.
Another pervasive feature of the language is consonant gradation.
The solution involved the fusion, or binding, of hydrogen nuclei.
All 52 cards of a standard deck are dealt facedown.
Much of Cooper's sense of America was caught by the Fireside Poets.
In this machine a gob of glass is first fed into a blank mold.
All plant parts are covered with glandular hairs.
Each French infantry regiment contained a grenadier.
Thereafter the aims of futurism were disseminated.
Foliage is generally grayish and the flowers yellow.
A white, crystalline powder, it is the sodium salt of glutamic acid.
The humerous connects at the other end to the forearm bones.
The human heart begins beating early in fetal life.
The geosyncline concept originated in 1857.
During his reign, the Germanic tribes resumed their attacks.
Sandy and gravelly soils are found near Narragansett Bay.
He overcame convention by turning away from empty gallantry.
Color gradation along the lengths of crystals is common.
Fructose is an important monosaccharide, or simple sugar.
Their friendship cooled when Pizarro was awarded a larger fief.
Diorite is the plutonic equivalent of the volcanic rock andesite.
In Creole cooking the vegetable is called gumbo.
The statistics of death and destruction are grim and cold.
All this frivolity is accompanied by many waltzes and light songs.
Coal damp, also known as firedamp, is an explosive gas found in coal.
Whether marine or freshwater, all lampreys breed in freshwater.
Under modern law, forfeiture no longer exists.
The black, fleshy fruit of buckthorn contains 2 to 4 hardened nutlets.
Fugues often end with a stretto.
Other bacteria and yeast are facultative anaerobes.
As the owner of a tavern, he had firsthand knowledge of such places.
A semi may be an open flatbed, stake body, or fully enclosed van.
The strings are stretched over a fingerboard on the neck.
They rise to the surface to gulp air.
He won fame as a gunfighter in the American West.
Tone may also signal grammatical differences.
Forsythias are among the showiest of spring-flowering shrubs.
Mineralogically, basalts are made up of silicates.
He also enjoyed the patronage of Philip, count of Flanders.
Few large rivers discharge into the sea.
The Epic of Gilgamesh is a long Akkadian poem.
The incidence of geminate consonants increased.
The traditional garb of Augustinians is a black tunic.
Water mold appears most commonly as a gray fuzz on dead animals.
In the mountains, the growth is mainly heather.
He was a prolific author of horticultural and gardening books.
The lower part of the soil profile typically becomes waterlogged.
After touring Europe with his brother, he lived frugally in London.
They provide the equivalent of the freshman and sophomore years.
Several later, but now extinct, carnivores were formidable.
Next closest to Jupiter is the largest satellite, Ganymede.
It continued its role as mortgage guarantor.
It was the culmination of the so-called "glorious revolution."
The metal hoop was introduced in 1893.
The lower the flash point, the more hazardous the chemical.
His harmonic innovations influenced Liszt.
He served honorably in the defense against the Spanish Armada.
Atheistic and humanistic systems of philosophy appeared.
John was hedonistic, mercurial, suspicious, and unforgiving.
Hagiography is the writing of the lives of Saints.
Nonbiting midges, often called harlequin flies, resemble mosquitoes.
Hera suspected her husband of amorous attentions to the mountain nymphs.
Gorton became prime minister on the death of Harold Holt.
Hesiod clearly made use of some of these mythological elements.
Histology emerged as a distinct discipline of study.
All cymbals are handmade, the best coming from Turkey.
Abraham Lincoln signed the Homestead Act.
Heredity seems to be an important factor in most cases.
She became a hideous creature.
They speak a Nilo-Hamitic language.
Much of his verse glorified Czechoslovakia's Hussite past.
She worked as a hairdresser before cutting her first record.
China was never colonized, but it suffered extreme humiliation.
Dominant trees include oak, tulip poplar, hickory, beech, and hemlock.
In another, Hercules grappled with Hades for her life.
She was identified with the Greek goddess Hestia.
He was born in Terre Haute, Indiana.
Alcoholism plays a dominant role in most homicides.
Hognose snakes feed primarily on toads.
In Roman mythology, Hera was identified with Juno.
He is the primeval hillock that is the symbol of the first creation.
Foreman won the 1968 Olympic heavyweight title.
Virginia witch hazel forms a lovely flowering bonsai.
It may heal without symptoms.
Calligraphy is the art of fine handwriting.
Eric himself was banished from Iceland for homicide.
Stylistic adaptations hark back to other eras.
A dusty winter wind, the Harmattan, blows during December.
Hessite and petzite are metallic-gray silver tellurides.
Quenching with a halogen gas such as chlorine or bromine is more often done.
The Twenty-third Amendment to the Constitution is hereby repealed.
Byzantine Greek is notable for its heterogeneity.
Other common names are American or black larch and hackmatack.
Most speak a Hamitic language.
Well-known species of open areas include the hairy aster.
All herbivorous mammals and many carnivores acquire fat reserves.
Even by this humanitarian code the slave was still considered goods.
Hawthorns are excellent landscaping trees.
Dutton also directed hydrographic work for the federal survey.
It contains liturgical prayers and a homily on wisdom.
Hydrogen is an invisible, flammable gas.
John Huss was allowed to attend the council and defend his cause.
Boeing builds helicopters and hydrofoil boats.
Their happiness was brief.
Marijuana and hashish are considered mild hallucingens.
The holdfast is a basal growth that secures the kelp to its substrate.
The larvae of the Hessian fly bore into wheat stems.
Many of Ensor's works have a disquieting, hallucinatory effect.
Successful hornbook pupils advanced to the primer.
Water shortages hamper agriculture.
His clumsy craft was only a harbinger of the submarine.
Common hardwoods include ash, hickory, magnolia, mahogany, and oak.
It was probably a wide-bodied, slow-moving herbivore.
Clodius was never their henchman.
Hamster is the common name of 11 species of Old World rodents.
Hafnium is always found in combination with zirconium.
Once a skilled handicraft, cooperage is now largely mechanized.
He won the world heavyweight championship from Joe Frazier.
At the same time, he did justice to the homiletic traditions.
"Harmonium" contains many of Stevens's most famous poems.
The two coat types are smooth and long-haired.
If you take them away, new, hungry fleas will come.
It is polyphonic when two or more melodies occur together.
In 1898, the Hawaiian Islands were annexed by the United States.
Hopper's style remained almost the same throughout his career.
Brule apparently discovered Lake Huron sometime later.
A hysterectomy is the surgical removal of the uterus.
The tribes were dispersed, some joining the Khanate of the Golden Horde.
The first field hockey club, Blackheath, was formed around 1840.
The medium helped Remington heighten the vitality of the rearing horse.
Dumas's extravagant tastes forced him to maintain a hectic writing pace.
This yielded Charlemagne a vast hoard of gold and silver.
Such crimes include homicide, rape, and armed robbery.
Himalayan glaciers seem to be retreating rather than growing.
In Greece itself, the oral tradition of the Homeric epics is older.
The Pleiades and Hyades are familiar examples.
Lithium hydride is an example of a saltlike hydride.
Intratest reliability describes homogeneity of a test.
A large clinical laboratory usually includes hematology.
These currents produce about one five-hundredth of the geomagnetic field.
In 1823, it was put in use as a hackney carriage.
All species hybridize readily.
The outcome, a thwarted romance, is hardly tragic.
Histoplasmosis is marked by transitory flulike symptoms.
At first, screw threads were cut in a haphazard manner.
Her fountain on the slopes of Mount Helicon was sacred to the Muses.
Range-fed Latin American beef are used for hamburger.
Galsworthy was educated at Harrow and New College, Oxford.
Some species that hibernate have unusual reproductive cycles.
These manufacturing residues are reused to make hardboard and chipboard.
He was hanged shortly before the downfall of Hitler.
Examples are the fruits of hazel, oak, beech, chestnut, and walnut.
The ginger lily is often used in Hawaiian leis.
This condition is called a hiatus hernia.
Hookworm disease is a condition caused by a parasitic nematode.
It became the Navy Hydrographic Office.
Bennett inherited the management of the Herald from his father.
Alkalies are usually hydroxides of lithium or ammonia.
New arrivals were ferried across the Styx by Charon.
Grafting is another method of cloning used in horticulture.
A series of tragedies suddenly cut short the Brontes' happiness.
Best Tractor Company and the Holt Manufacturing Company merged.
The paper contains development nuclei and a silver halide solvent.
Hansen excelled as a novelist.
His hellish procession of dehumanized figures rolls on.
This characteristic is called hybrid vigor, or heterosis.
They knew of the miscibility and immiscibility of solutions.
Such compounds are hydrophilic.
Some physicians advocate holistic approaches.
Emphasis is placed on colorful harmony and instrumentation.
Hyssop contains aromatic oils.
Other important groups are the Fulani, Bella, and Hausa traders.
The principal manufacturing centers are Hartford and Bridgeport.
Basic conics are the ellipse, hyperbola, parabola, and circle.
Horehound grows up to 1 meter tall.
He invented the superheterodyne circuit.
Hemiplegia can affect the head, trunk, and extremities.
Academies of art are generally both art schools and honorary bodies.
Hardening of the arteries occurs only in advanced stages.
The popular name derives from the mantra "Hare Krishna."
The Herald was widely criticized for its sensationalism.
The Yangtze and Hwang Ho are both exceptionally flood prone.
He was a humorist who specialized in informal comedy.
This disorder originates from viral infections like herpes zoster.
It is a comedy of manners exposing hypocrisy.
The major species of fish caught are cod, haddock, hake, and herring.
Nevertheless, most handwoven techniques survive.
Harris's philosophy was Hegelian.
Apache scouts penetrated his seemingly impregnable hideout.
Albert attempted to add Holland and Zealand to the Habsburg domains.
The colored bands are iron hydroxide impurities.
The coasts attract human habitation.
He was married six times, once to columnist Hedda Hopper.
It uses the Heterodyne Principle.
Hermaphrodite trees are self-fruitful.
He began broadcasting hillbilly music weekly.
He was president of the Haitian republic.
He soon resumed leadership of the Huguenot armies.
Its dry climate and thin soil hamper commercial agriculture.
Occasional heartburn may be treated with antacids.
Eisenhower won handily.
Washington hurried south from Morristown.
They are uncluttered by harmonic or rhythmic complications.
The northwestern corner supports drought-resistant loblolly pine.
Other nematodes are parthenogenetic.
Hypoxia is a deficiency of oxygen in body tissues.
In addition, humus supplies plant nutrients.
Hexagonal crystals are optically uniaxial.
Minerals occurring in this system include epsomite and hemimorphite.
Deodorants, oral-hygiene products, and room sprays are also sold by Avon.
In the Bible, Hagar was the maid of Sarah, the wife of Abraham.
Chinese historiography has been highly continuous.
In "Vermont Tradition", she paid homage to her adopted home.
Harvesters generally husk the collected seeds before storing them.
Most diatoms are autotrophic.
Joseph Hooker was a close friend of Charles Darwin.
It also challenged Chinese hegemony over Korea.
Today, the phrase "herculean task" refers to a difficult chore.
He baptized Augustine, future bishop of Hippo.
Most phoneticized hieroglyphic scripts were syllabic.
The animals have stout, heavyset bodies with short necks.
He undertook several Himalayan mountain-climbing expeditions.
The most heterogeneous ideas are yoked by violence together.
A barbette, or crownlike headband, secured the veil.
Greece has a Hellenic language and Albania, a Thraco-Illyrian.
Hemiplegia is paralysis of one side of the body.
Variations in these structures are determined by cytoplasmic elements.
Homicide is not necessarily a crime.
He later made New York stage appearances in Camelot and Hamlet.
Others bear spines and horns, sometimes long and ornate.
The hoopoe is striking in appearance.
It has been long favored as a hardener for high-quality varnishes.
She is sometimes a beautiful maiden and sometimes a hideous hag.
It was the hallmark of the Restoration stage.
Hercules grappled with Hades for her life and rescued her.
Most of the islands are hilly and forested.
Instead, the medium flourishes as strongly now as in its heyday.
Helix is an evergreen vine with handsome, glossy leaves.
Mary, who was six months pregnant, survived the horrible ordeal.
Little industry or agriculture takes place in the hilly, wet southeast.
Judicial matters were handled in the existing courts.
Poets attended his hearse and threw poems and pens into his grave.
Alarcon was afflicted with a hunchback.
Its counterpart in furniture is the rococo Philadelphia highboy.
The nation has not yet adjusted to the loss of this hinterland.
Bread molds have different types of hyphae.
A healed puncture may never cause future trouble.
Harmonics are the pure, sinusoidal components of a musical tone.
Not all hemolytic anemias are congenital.
He deciphered the hieroglyphic script of the ancient Egyptians.
Homomorphisms allow the comparison of different groups.
Preventive measures include oral hygiene and tissue stimulation.
Sodium hydrosulfide removes hair in the tanning of leather.
Hidalgo is a mountainous state in east central Mexico.
Some tenrecs hibernate through the hot, dry season.
The game is derived from the Aztecs or a Basque variation of handball.
Bass participated in a Nebraska train holdup.
The Avars succumbed within a decade.
Other common minerals include muscovite, biotite, and hornblende.
Addition of humus improves the soil's tilth and water-holding capacity.
In Vergil, Elysium was part of Hades.
Hare's first interest was color photography.
They usually begin as hasty entrenchments.
Hake, mackerel, and anchovies are the most important catches.
Hamsters have stocky bodies.
Genetics is the study of heredity and variation.
He entered the church and gained a reputation as a faith healer.
Some animals hibernate in the twilight zone.
Hornbills are medium-sized to very large ponderous-looking birds.
The keratin molecule is a rigid, cylinder-shaped helix.
Hobson argued that imperialism is caused by many factors.
He had a major influence on French historiography.
Crushing injuries to the chest may hinder breathing.
Hermits have been found in many religions.
Holt's tribunal tried and sentenced the accomplices of John Wilkes Booth.
Confident yet humble, he demonstrated unflinching courage.
Our water resources are important for hydropower and irrigation.
They kept livestock and excelled at flower horticulture.
Many monarchies established honorific orders of knighthood.
Hurling was first mentioned in written records in 800 BC.
Few herbicidal alternatives presently exist.
Cephalopod blood contains hemocyanin and is blue when oxygenated.
Hindustan literally means the "land of the Hindus."
Barium hydroxide is soluble in water.
In Norse mythology, Hell is a cold and shadowy subterranean realm.
It later became a member of the Hanseatic League.
Refusing to recant, he was burned as a heretic.
The arm contains a single bone, called a humerus.
In the late 1970s, many Haitian refugees also arrived.
Power is generated from either hydroelectric or thermal sources.
This faith in activism was to become a hallmark of his presidency.
Fire fighting is an extremely hazardous occupation.
A hexagon is a polygon with six sides.
Handedness is an organism's preferred use of one hand over the other.
Molting is a hazardous process at all times.
Some nematodes are hermaphroditic and self-fertilizing.
Hawaiians are noted for the graceful Hula dance.
These Angoras randomly interbred with local short-haired cats.
Only the strictly legal sections of the Talmud are called halachah.
During the subsequent decade, however, no headway was made.
Hoar later became a Republican.
They dig burrows with numerous exits and hibernate in winter.
The African hourglass drum is the most versatile talking drum.
The hospice provides bereavement counseling to the family.
They are encouraged to be hospitable toward one another.
The comparatively hairless tail is held in a high, tight curve.
Antelope are hoofed, ruminant mammals.
The prothallus is haploid.
The Hale telescope on Palomar mountain is in operation.
The sinoauricular node is the site of origin of the heartbeat.
She became famous for her destruction of saloons with a hatchet.
It is still supported by Hoyle and some others.
Chloroform is an example of an organic halide.
Harassment of some activists became common.
He later paid homage to Edward at Newcastle.
The Bremen docks are second in importance only to those of Hamburg.
The human pelvis consists of two hipbones.
Histology is the study of tissue structure.
Most of these new homeless were families.
The long British cultural hegemony was over.
In the presence of free histidine, enzyme production stops.
Human cells contain two sets of 23 different chromosomes.
Infectious diseases have interfered with habitation and settlement.
Fernow applied Old World concepts of resource husbandry in the New World.
Ethnic homogeneity is a marked feature of Somali society.
He was the first ruler of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan.
Most arachnids are nocturnal predators feeding mostly on small anthropods.
Shingles, or herpes zoster, is an infection of the nerves.
The stipe is the stemlike portion connecting the holdfast to the blade.
Its heroine has neither historical nor mythical significance.
One of the most important developments has been heuristics.
It was as an escape artist and "handcuff king" that Houdini was most famous.
A low, tufted, dense growth habit contributes to heat retention.
Trimmings are made into sausage and headcheese.
Edward may have had homosexual tendencies.
It is used by gardeners to replenish the humus in soil.
Fluorine is a reactive and hazardous element.
Long-haired men were beaten up or shot at by alarmed citizens.
Unlike other bees, honeybees do not hibernate during cold weather.
His music contains numerous passages of harmonic novelty.
Snippets of cloth were sewed on homespun woolen material.
Clark was an expert on fossil hominid morphology and evolution.
There exists an Egyptian hieroglyph for swimming.
The headship may belong to a man or a woman, or it may be shared.
He moved to Hollywood to write and direct films.
Smoked haddock is known as finnan haddie.
This is a long-haired breed that originated in Ankara, Turkey.
Despite their soft flesh, hake are important commercial fishes.
Computer-monitored hydroponic farming of fruit is large scale.
Protoceratops was an herbivore.
They may be horned or hornless and have long, drooping ears.
Cushitic is the most heterogeneous of the Afroasiatic languages.
Hamitic languages include the Berber languages of Libya.
Most Hasidic groups today live in Israel and the United States.
The origins of the Mexican hairless dog are uncertain.
A red fleur-de-lis is the heraldic symbol of the city of Florence.
Hecuba appears most prominently in Euripides' plays.
A few ferns, some club mosses, and all seed plants are heterosporous.
Hummingbirds feed on nectar, although.
The carriages were eventually replaced by Hansom cabs.
The cause of hermaphroditism in humans is unknown.
Denmark has an ethnically homogenous population.
O'Hara was hit by a dune buggy on Fire Island.
The third deprivation is absence of heterosexual relationships.
Irregular heartbeat and increased blood pressure may occur.
It is positive for an ellipse and negative for a hyperbola.
Alexander initiated the systematic Hellenization of the East.
Geronimo was the last Apache headman to resist.
Hairiness is also useful.
This kind of nucleation is termed heterogeneous.
Hornblende is the most common amphibole.
Perlite is a hydrous form of obsidian.
This type of immunity is known as humoral immunity.
Most bivalves are divided into separate sexes.
Hearsay is not always rejected.
Hidalgo proved to be an enthusiastic and charismatic leader.
Her daughters have a 50 percent chance of being heterozygous.
The harmonica is popular today in folk music and blues.
Spruce, buckeye, hemlock, rhododendron, and dogwood are the major vegetation.
The vice-presidential nominees are often chosen in haste.
If surprised by an enemy, a hognose will hiss and strike as a viper would.
All of the halogen elements can act as strong oxidizing agents.
A ruby served as the engine's headlight.
Artemus Ward was the pseudonym taken by humorist Charles Browne.
The sensations of hunger and thirst are also homeostatic mechanisms.
Hardening is any process for increasing the hardness of metal.
A hermaphrodite possesses both male and female reproductive organs.
It tells the story of Hosea's marriage to an unfaithful wife.
Hydroelectricity supplies less than 15 percent of total output.
Cytology is the study of cell structure.
Splenic blood drains into the liver through the hepatic portal vein.
Hemophilia is a sex-linked genetic disease.
Tree hyraxes feed at night.
The harlot then offers him her companionship.
The hemolytic reaction destroys the donated cells.
The Basques become the heathen Saracens.
Henna was used to stain the hands and feet
Such observations led to theories of hemispheric specialization.
The hydrofoil principle is still in use today.
Tracheophytes may be either homosporous or heterosporous.
Shadbush bonsai have handsome flowers.
The entire exterior of some hogans is covered with earth.
The lighter the fluid, the deeper the hydrometer float sinks.
The Hanoverian connection involved Britain in European affairs.
At least five different herpes viruses infect humans.
Organo-halogen compounds are compounds of chlorine or bromine.
Produce and handicraft articles are exchanged in local markets.
Bryan became editor of the Omaha World-Herald.
The first half climaxed with an exciting headliner.
His father was Thomas Arnold, the headmaster of Rugby School.
Despite its humane sympathy, the poem retains a somber fatality.
Fatigue can also sometimes lead to a hypoglycemic attack.
The harrier is a strong, agile hound.
It was greatly expanded by the counts of Holland.
These rocks contain hornblende, pyroxene, and plagioclase feldspar.
Hamburg became a member of the Hanseatic League.
Habituation and addiction do not occur.
Hepatitis is a disorder involving inflammation of the liver.
All vehicles were drawn by the humped ox.
They knew the effects on metals of hammering, annealing, and oxidation.
Sharp pain, dizziness, and headaches may accompany the puncture.
The principal meal fish are menhaden, mackerel, and anchoveta.
He sent Charles Leclerc to subdue the Haitians.
The garden heliotrope should not be confused with this flower.
Wrought iron was produced by hammering cast iron in a forge.
There are many public parks, including the Hippodrome.
The team's hallmark was a refusal to behave normally.
Among the homeless were deinstitutionalized mental patients.
Canterbury was a haven for French Huguenots.
He remained in Hamburg until his death.
McClellan built an enormous army to hurl against Richmond.
This may require bacteriological or virological studies.
The Hopi destroyed these missions in a revolt led by Pope.
Hexachlorophene is an antibacterial agent.
At its best, his poetry is idyllic and harmonious.
I saw misery, want, stupor, hunger, cowardice, and ghastliness.
Attila's horde was stopped at Orleans and forced to retreat.
Fine watercolor papers are handmade.
The name hippopotamus means "river horse."
Kurt Vonnegut has used fantasy and science fiction.
A reel pushes the grain headfirst up an elevator belt.
Popular health foods include brewer's yeast, yogurt, and herbal teas.
The balloon that comes the closest to the "hare" wins.
The Kirlian photograph shows a halo that surrounds the coin.
Marie Canal links Lake Huron and Lake Superior.
Holmium forms salts with oxygen, chlorine, bromine, and iodine.
Control is by proper sanitation and hygiene.
Hydroquinone is manufactured by oxidizing aniline.
Also without Amtrak service are Maine and New Hampshire.
The name hatchetfish refers to two families of bony fishes.
They hiss menacingly and honk loudly whenever strangers appear.
Haddock are bottom-feeding, cold-water fish and travel in large schools.
Poor soil and gales hinder agriculture.
Silver hammering and carving teak statuary are important.
A galactic halo is a huge, nearly spherical cloud.
Gas not incorporated into the disk formed a halo of primeval stars.
He was one of Hollywood's greatest box-office attractions.
Pluto's mass is about one five-hundredth that of Earth.
Hieroglyphics are the pictorial symbols used in early writing systems.
The most important fish are sand eels, herring, Norway pout, and cod.
Their color results from the oxidation of hematite.
It is associated with such disorders as histoplasmosis.
A hermit is a person who lives in solitude.
Luther was excommunicated and labeled a heretic.
Herpes simplex virus causes cold sores.
Both the young leaves and branches are hairy when young.
Displays of equitation, or horsemanship, were features of the ancient Games.
Almost all ferns, horsetails, and some club mosses are homosporous.
He studied at the universities of Berlin and Heidelberg.
Hippolytus was a prolific writer.
The howler monkeys are one of the best-known New World monkeys.
He created the Hashemite Kingdom of Transjordan.
Homicide is the killing of one person by another.
Hailstones are the individual pieces of hail.
He is often considered the greatest Japanese Haiku poet.
The narrative, legendary portions are the Haggadah.
Calcite belongs in the hexagonal system of crystal structure.
Bradycardia is a heartbeat of less than 60 per minute.
The large herbivorous mammals dominate the savannas.
The products of kumquat hybridization include limequats and citrangequats.
The last three volumes were Hooker's work.
Their name is derived from their cylindrical, hornlike sporophytes.
Even after leaving Hollywood, she could not escape typecasting.
Yeasts are heterotrophic and lack chlorophyll.
He returned to Oxford as an honorary fellow.
Several outbreaks of hostility toward the whites occurred.
These include destruction of habitat.
The marshy coastal areas support halophytic, or salt-loving, plants.
The thematic material is stated in contrasting harmonies and textures.
The people are about 84 percent Hindu.
Horsetails are perennial and reproduce by abundant rhizomes and by spores.
Many are considered lethal when the individual is homozygous.
A hereditary headman oversees each village and helps organize raids.
The texture is monophonic if the melody is unaccompanied.
He balances moral estimates of Cromwell in "An Horatian Ode."
A hitherto unknown Donizetti opera was discovered in London.
The Himalayan mountain system is to the north.
The major philosophers of late Hellenism were self-professed Platonists.
It was an ancient Hittite city.
Jackson died at the Hermitage on June 8th.
Heuristic methods may be contrasted to algorithms.
Francis began to live as a hermit and soon attracted followers.
He also conducted his "Easy Chair" column in Harper's Monthly.
It was powered by a 90-horsepower Curtiss engine.
A few have looked at the Civil War in a hemispheric context.
A parasite must overcome humoral and cellular host immunity.
The leading seaports are Bridgeport, New Haven, and New London.
West Baden Springs near the Hoosier National Forest has mineral springs.
Common kite shapes are the diamond, hexagon, box, and tetrahedron.
Cyclohexane is represented by a simple hexagon.
Habeas corpus has been traced to early medieval times.
German classicism produced Lessing, Herder, and Schiller.
Other hallucinogens are mescaline and psilocybin.
Only about ten thousand humpback whales survive.
The OAS has been involved in all major hemispheric problems.
Copying machines date back to the hectograph and mimeograph machines.
The large lifting rotor enables the craft to hover efficiently.
McCarthy even accused Acheson of harboring known Communists.
Species include the gazelle, hare, ibex, and Barbary ape.
Traveling companies subsequently made Harlequin a familiar character.
London's heavy-handedness caused angry reactions in American.
The havoc caused by King Philip's War destroyed the missionary effort.
Day also organized hospitality houses for the homeless and hungry.
He was a Canadian ice hockey player.
Bloodstone is dark-green and spotted red with hematite.
The libertines blundered by offering backhanded support to the heretic.
The most valuable fish caught are sardines, mackerel, hake, and haddock.
To purify Ixion of this sin, Zeus invited him to Olympus.
In their own humble ways, the sentences are literature.
New varieties have been developed that are harvestable by machine.
The term is widely used by Hindi- and Urdu-speakers.
Hydras are carnivorous.
He was condemned to execution but cheated the hangman by taking poison.
Cowries have thick, humped shells with flattened bottoms.
All these emblems predate formal heraldry.
Houseman's poetic vision was narrow.
Different forms of ice crystals produce different kinds of halos.
Haitian mulattoes traditionally have constituted a social elite.
Helios was later identified with Apollo.
Mutation is random, haphazard change.
Burgundy came into his hands by his marriage to its heiress.
When hunting, the dogs were carried in sacks until the game was sighted.
Heinz sells bottled horseradish, sauerkraut, pickles, vinegar, and ketchup.
Its ears are large and rabbitlike, and hearing is acute.
Nathan Hale, from Connecticut, was hanged by the British as a spy.
Hyperion is relatively small and heavily cratered.
A free mulatto, he fought with Haitian revolutionary forces.
Vernacular hymnology soon became entrenched in Germany.
External self-fertilization occurs in one hermaphroditic fish.
If the dispersing medium is water, it may be called a hydrosol.
The handkerchief is the most common accessory used in folk dancing.
Sturgeons are elongate fishes with sharklike heterocercal caudal fin.
He was also the recipient of two honorary Oscars.
The perimeter of Greenland is the only habitable portion.
Some are very open about their homosexuality.
He performed hybridization experiments.
Hyraxes live in Africa and the Middle East.
He soon published his masterpiece, Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
The thermosphere is the only heterogeneous atmospheric layer.
It is a community for neglected and homeless boys.
There are tropical disturbances such as hurricanes.
Some types that have cup-shaped fruits grow in similar habitats.
Accused of heterodoxy and charlatanism, he was mutilated.
A succession of power-hungry generals kept Peru in turmoil.
Mathematical ideas fit together in a harmonious manner.
Anatolian potters and masons used marks to identify their handiwork.
Fluorite, halite and sylvite are abundant and widespread.
Corundum forms pyramidal or barrellike crystals.
Hooker's private collection was one of the finest herbariums in Europe.
He was born of humble parents.
One superfamily is the short-horned grasshoppers, which include the locusts.
These are the more common Amaryllises of horticulture.
Habeas corpus developed from principles of due process.
He painted lyrical, hedonistic landscapes and nudes.
Until the Industrial Revolution, most objects were handmade.
The dot pattern is made by photographing through a halftone screen.
Besides sturgeon, there are herring, pike, and carp.
It is rolling to hilly, with highly eroded red soils.
In his second reign, Isaac was senile, a helpless pawn of others.
A hogan is the traditional dwelling of the Navajo Indians.
It is measured using a hygrometer.
Their harassment hastened the collapse of the Carolingian empire.
Functional hypoglycemia is a temporary condition.
The harquebus was later supplanted by the musket.
Socrates was poisoned by conine, the active constituent of hemlock.
Normally, a screen is used for a halftone reproduction.
Early forms included the primitive brush harrow.
A family history of eczema often exists.
It receives 25 percent of its blood from a hepatic artery.
A number of hieroglyphic scripts have been discovered.
Herder wrote on the origins of humankind, folklore, and poetry.
Both bark and roots may cause a rash when handled.
A form of handball called thermae was played in ancient Rome.
Strange, biomorphic objects hover in a strong, cold light.
Modern hydrotherapy pools are small, shallow, heated swimming pools.
The five-plate jamb stoves were often known as German stoves.
A variety of iterative techniques is available.
These ballots invited intimidation of voters.
They met the famous guide Kit Carson.
Many of England's most illustrious men were educated there.
Kapok seeds contain an oil used in the manufacture of soap.
Jellyfish are of separate sexes and thus produce eggs or sperm.
Unlike other centaurs, he was wise, civilized, and kindly.
Incubation of a single large white egg lasts two to three months.
The palace was made grand throughout to impress foreign visitors.
It is named after the biochemist Sir Hans Krebs.
Should single men be allowed to have surrogates bear their children?
Personal property is classified as tangible or intangible.
Some accept as infallible those doctrines that are universally taught.
Chivalry was the code of conduct by which knights were guided.
It is the market town of County Kerry, southwestern Ireland.
It has earned a reputation for being academically innovative.
Kingbirds are boldly aggressive against intruders.
Changes such as apathy or irritability are common.
Roosa cruised overhead in the Kitty Hawk.
Changes of structure may occur by incremental shifts.
The kilogram is the basic unit of mass.
Cooley was the first to implant an artificial heart into a human.
Warfare had been revolutionized and seapower was in jeopardy.
Barkley represented Kentucky in the US Congress.
Angered, the queen accused him of improper conduct.
His poems show the influence of imagism.
Brandeis was the initiator of savings bank life insurance.
At the same time regular indoctrination sessions are conducted.
Slavery was an anachronism.
Kemp is opposed to ratification of this treaty.
The human body adapts to reduced levels of food intake.
Presidents have held differing views of the powers inherent in their office.
Americans had been prepared informally.
This instrumentalism began to spread after 1750.
The other maneuver is changing the orbital inclination.
He failed to continue his journalistic career.
The skin is an impenetrable barrier for most infections.
The great dream was intercontinental air travel.
How is improper or illegal access prevented?
Rules of kinship linked all groups.
The Kremlin adopted a strategy of retaliation.
Homer has a reference to boxing in the Iliad.
The field of organ transplants has grown immeasurably.
Such intercellular transmission occurs among smooth muscle cells.
The incandescent lamp came into use in the 1920s.
He was a painter of Italianate pastoral and Arcadian landscapes.
Major rivers include the Feather, Yuba, American, and Kern.
Tea can also be made from an infusion of hyssop leaves.
The most commonly used type is kiln-burned brick.
Charles was old, infirm, and childless.
The loss was irreparable.
He ardently defended the Jansenist cause.
The gas is nonpoisonous but inflammable.
He was courtmartialed for insubordination.
Eminent domain is an inherent right of any government.
Kingfisher plumages are green, blue, purple, reddish brown, or white.
The housing inventory almost doubled, reaching 88 million units.
They are characterized by clumsy gait and incoordination.
All boas are nonpoisonous and kill by constriction.
The public had become indifferent to issues of social justice.
A group of flowers on a plant is called an inflorescence.
He was a Scottish Jacobite general known as "Bonnie Dundee."
Indigo is a blue vat dye important in dyeing cotton.
His inspirational speeches have become part of the Rockne legend.
It has a square muzzle and keen, intelligent eyes.
It was renamed Cedar Rapids after incorporation as a town.
He made films that used abstract forms to interpret music.
The king's power throughout much of Ireland was insubstantial.
He was a good administrator and tenacious fighter.
He remained an important ideologist for the Republican party.
The postwar period brought the bare-kneed look of the flappers.
Matchlocks and flintlocks were used to ignite the primer charge.
He distrusted interdenominational cooperation.
Kip reverses direction and returns home at constant velocity.
Symptoms include incoordination and weakness.
Is the universe incomprehensible and chaotic?
Albertus had greater renown than his illustrious pupil.
Constipation is infrequency in evacuating the bowels.
Freshwater pearls usually lack significant iridescence.
Many catfish are inactive during the day.
Ionization isomers are a second type of isomer.
It climbs well and is an excellent jumper.
The iridescent colors of birds are also largely structural.
Often it was an impromptu social affair.
Icefishes feed only sporadically and are inactive much of the time.
Ethology mainly concerns instinctive or inherited behavior.
Insular manuscripts are characterized by decorative embellishment.
Jerboas are jumping rodents.
The church was riddled with venality and immorality.
Such a countable infinity is the smallest order of infinity.
He relaxed regulations on fasting and interfaith marriages.
He who untied the knot would rule all of Asia.
He became known as the Kingmaker because of his great wealth and power.
King Saul, Jeremiah, and Saint Paul were Benjamites.
A strategy for agricultural improvement is underway in Asia.
Some innate responses are open to change.
Tobacco, rice, indigo, and foodstuffs were major colonial exports.
The Kodak Disc camera embodies the most recent camera innovations.
Play begins with a kickoff, as in football.
He was briefly imprisoned for holding secret meetings.
They even attempted to invade Java.
The origin of birds begins with a pigeon-sized Jurassic fossil.
Judaism focused on worship of the single god, Jehovah.
The two types of insurers are stock and mutual corporations.
The kazoo and the comb covered with tissue paper are good examples.
The sound of the orchestra is inimitable.
Reaction to intuitionism has led to imperativism.
Flat-race jockeys are small and light.
The safest storage sites are impervious deep caves.
Important works displayed Kantian and post-Kantian influences.
The Hope diamond is an infamous deep-blue diamond.
Soils within Papua New Guinea are generally leached and infertile.
The Kurds have never been united politically.
Elsewhere in the country, soils are mostly infertile.
At the time, Bothwell was believed to be the chief instigator.
The Kitchen Cabinet included Martin Van Buren.
Specific anti-influenza virus antibodies may be present.
He defended Jack Ruby, the killer of President Kennedy.
The javelin point must come down first for the throw to be legal.
Josh Billings was the pen name of Henry Wheeler Shaw.
The Buddhist position on the workings of karma is complex.
Another important source of revenue is its investments.
The wreckage was found off the New Jersey shore.
The Constitution makes no provision for the imposition of martial law.
Thresholds are not invariant but are a function of these factors.
Galton was an indefatigable explorer.
Japonica is a Pacific Ocean species.
Isothermal maps are now used primarily to estimate temperatures.
Neolithic remains indicate the early inhabitation of Flintshire.
Job contains some of the finest poetry in the Bible.
Many gypsies speak Romany, an Indic language, and call themselves Rom.
The movements received new impetus during World War Two.
A more radical approach is the cochlear implant.
The PFLP denied any knowledge of him.
The nervous system has irreplaceable cells known as neurons.
Mild jaundice from liver inflammation may occur.
Slavery was a cause for moral indictment.
Can improbable events ever be given adequate explanations?
The dancers use coconut shells, long bamboo poles, and kerchiefs.
More than 8,000 kilometers of intrastate roads serve the people.
It is a member of the Ivy League.
It was a favorite subject of the impressionist painters.
It is an introspective work with elements of surrealism.
He lacked imaginative vision and personal magnetism.
After his internship, he trained as a Navy flight surgeon.
Helmont also emphasized the indestructibility of matter.
Other styles of jujitsu bear a striking resemblance to judo.
Dunstan was a renowned metalworker and illuminator.
Immunology is inseparable from bacteriology.
He first suffered kidney tuberculosis in 1925.
Marijuana is the number-one illicit drug in the United States.
This is incompatible with current observations.
For Chauncy, emotion was irrationality.
Intermolecular attractive interactions also occur.
Some distinctively African instruments are unique to the continent.
They are the legal agencies of Jehovah's Witnesses.
In Marxist jargon, revisionism is synonymous with treason.
His political stature at home suffered irreparably.
Each nut contains only one seed, or kernel.
The frame comprised a keel and athwartship ribs.
Medieval Austrian and German literature are inseparable.
Rowan has received numerous awards for incisive reporting.
These include family conflict, job insecurity, and social stigma.
The ethnic insularity of the Basques has fostered revivals.
A scalar is sometimes called a scalar invariant.
It faced jurisdictional competition.
This concern reflects the belief in inalienable human rights.
He became famous as a singer of Jamaican calypso music.
Impedance is the inherent resistance of the circuit.
The clavichord is the simplest of the keyed stringed instruments.
Later, secular knightly orders were established in Europe.
He was renowned for his ability to shock, instruct, and entertain.
Later, international audiences were won by Johnny Mathis.
In Southeast Asia, Siam alone managed to keep its independence.
Africa's indigenous cereal grains had to be domesticated.
Divine immanence refers to the omnipresence of God in the universe.
In one conception, conscience is a kind of intuitive perception.
In particular, incest will be strongly prohibited.
All of us are knaves.
The investiture controversy dragged on.
Millions watch football games on the interscholastic level.
Stemposts and sternposts were fastened to the keel.
Incumbency is important in congressional elections.
They founded the city of Djakarta on Java.
Black Kettle was killed.
The jest turns to sober reality.
They spin dense cocoons, each of a single, interwoven strand of silk.
Blackjack is also known as twenty-one.
He is known as Johnny Appleseed in American legend.
Corruption, nepotism, inefficiency, and misrule spread.
Pennsylvania is known as the Quaker State or the Keystone State.
The Witnesses acknowledge Jehovah as their founder.
Inaccurate observation may be made by the physician.
An important aspect is the low-level temperature inversion.
The government of England was intolerant of other religions.
These works are colored by a new immediacy of expression.
Port Royal, the center of Jansenism, was a Cistercian convent.
The basis for its iconography was rooted in classical tradition.
Thinking may be considered implicit muscle movement and speech.
The area is inaccessible.
Muslims accept him as an ancestor of the Arabs through Ishmael.
It has depended on the importation of guest artists.
They often invest their illicit profits in legitimate businesses.
These steps, known as the Krebs cycle, are essential to metabolism.
Females and youngsters of different groups frequently intermingle.
He was convicted and executed for kidnapping and murder.
It is found in the minerals borax, and rasorite, or kernite.
They kept livestock.
Such areas are now calculated by methods of Integral Calculus.
The flu is caused by influenza viruses.
The anemometer is an instrument designed to measure wind speed.
The population has Persian, Armenian, and Kurdish elements.
This much abbreviated and often illegible style is highly expressive.
Journeyman's societies carried out extensive lobbying.
From its inception, the company has had a tumultuous existence.
Among the smaller mammals are the muskrat, raccoon, opossum, and armadillo.
The patient is ineffective for about two weeks.
With the invention of gunpowder, the castle lost its impregnability.
Jellyfish swim by rhythmically contracting their bell.
The country has long had a population imbalance.
Intermarriage is common.
Carson strongly criticized the indiscriminate use of pesticides.
The literary parodist is characteristically ironical.
Disputes among departments intensify as cuts are made.
Most jigsaw puzzles are mass-produced.
Baptism is by immersion.
Those without documents live an insecure life.
The kingship was generally elective but was held for life.
Others argue that product and process are inseparable.
There he defeated the governor and established his own kingdom.
A type of inductor known as a ballast serves both needs.
Kilns are classed as intermittent or continuous.
It is possible to score a goal directly with such a kick.
They interrelate the physical and biological sciences.
He worked to improve the institutional treatment of the insane.
Arthur kept Conkling at arm's length and ran his own government.
Japanese sampans have a long-raking stem and a broad, flat, thick keel.
The hip joint and the joint of the shoulder are illustrative of this type.
He was the last bare-knuckle world heavyweight champion.
It is a common ingredient of curry and chutney.
Though a skillful composer, he lacked individuality.
He and his followers were known as Jacobites.
Only two species of fish, killifish and catfish, inhabit the lake.
Our presence was regarded by Panama as imperialistic.
If so, is it essentially spiritual or material?
The hind legs are used for hopping, in the manner of kangaroos.
It is the seat of both Jansenist and Roman Catholic bishoprics.
Recently it has become an integral part of biology.
Evidence that planets orbit Barnard's Star is inconclusive.
Iridium is a dense, brittle, silver-white precious metal.
The jenny influenced industrialization of the textile industry.
Moreover, the privilege will often be inapplicable.
A mutation is an inheritable change in the character of a gene.
This may lead to irritable, overactive, or violent behavior.
It is stately, balanced, judicious, and cogent.
There are two general kinds of isomers.
Plants are grown indoors either for their foliage or for their flowers.
Jerry Falwell is a Baptist minister and TV evangelist.
Policies implicit in Alexander's rule were developed further.
The woodwind solos and harp glissandi suggest an idyllic dream.
The Eskimos inhabit one of the most inclement regions of the world.
Some speak a Karen dialect, and others have adopted Burmese.
Usually, a duty exists to avoid injuring others.
It is the zero point of the absolute Kelvin temperature scale.
A branch of zoology, ichthyology deals specifically with fishes.
Oil and water are immiscible.
McGovern lost the election to the incumbent.
The Senate shall have the sole Power to try all Impeachments.
Introversion describes opposite tendencies.
They raid farms at night, killing lambs and other young animals.
They were critical of American isolationism.
The epidermis produces horny, or keratinized, scales.
Bragg lost the impetus of success.
The nucleic acid DNA may incur permanent lesions.
Schooling begins in kindergarten and continues through the 8th grade.
He was a Mongol leader who founded the Khanate of the Golden Horde.
Premature baldness may partly result from an imbalance of sex hormones.
He was elected county judge and then governor of Illinois.
It is generally indicative of iron enrichment.
Around him winged human- and bird-headed figures kneel on one leg.
Kin selection is actually genetic selfishness.
The chimpanzee has been known to kill animals for food.
If the strata happen to be impervious, petroleum traps are formed.
Stricken with an incurable disease, Bridgman committed suicide.
Rodrigo fathered several illegitimate children.
His intransigence and defiance alienated his supporters.
The book examines the tangled life of a kibbutz family.
Acetone is by far the most important industrial ketone.
Should there be a uniform or maximum fee for surrogate mothers?
He was an industrialist and philanthropist.
In the eyes of the Christian church, marriage was indissoluble.
Initially, the male and female sex organs are indistinguishable.
The flowering and fruiting structure of a grass is called the inflorescence.
The alexandrine is composed of 6 iambic feet.
The koala is a marsupial animal.
A physician should be consulted when the indigestion is persistent.
The most common penguin is the Adelie, a primary consumer of krill.
The term "jukebox" was first used in the late 1930s.
He was no mere imitator.
Clement won respect because of his kindness and high moral character.
Others improvise complex variations on the basic melody.
They have high refractive indices and may be strongly colored.
Antarctica's bedrock topography is known only indirectly.
These facings provided the base for stucco or marble incrustation.
Players advance the ball by running, passing, or kicking it.
He was named England's jockey of the year.
Some words like "oh" always appear as interjections.
Coyotes, kangaroo rats, wild burros, and ravens exist here.
Text and illustrations were printed simultaneously.
The porous, fired rods are impregnated with wax to impart smoothness.
Inborn errors in lipid metabolisms increase susceptibility.
Inseparable from melody is rhythm.
He is indebted to James Joyce's Ulysses.
"Sheathe thy impatience" compares impatience to a sword.
Each turn taken is called an inning.
Kin selection suggests a biological basis for nepotism.
Improper treatment can result in a fatal hemorrhage.
He was unusually knowledgeable in literature and art.
The most familiar example involves the water-air interface.
The mold is a matrix made from an impressionable material.
The airfoils of the original Wright Flyer resembled a box kite.
Why are some people jumpy and scattered?
Jesse Jackson sought the Democratic party presidential nomination.
Electric lighting began to replace kerosene and gas.
His policies irrevocably weakened the German monarchy.
Immunotherapy does not destroy normal body cells.
The gold inlay is based on a precision casting process.
His novels focus on the Icelandic people.
Imitation of European models developed greater variety.
Judas Iscariot was the Apostle who betrayed Jesus Christ.
Carter brought to the presidency an informality.
Crete does not appear to have suffered invasion at this time.
The distinction to be drawn is between implicit and explicit knowledge.
Hair and nails are almost totally keratin.
He insisted on keeping loyal friends in office.
The vigil of knighthood is a historical instance of this practice.
Politically and militarily the war was inconclusive.
Insanity is defense against responsibility for a crime.
The crabeater has lobed teeth.
The incinerator is a device used to burn waste material.
This inequality was most devastating in education.
The term is incorrectly applied to the familiar particles alone.
Limestones can form organically or inorganically.
He rose to the chairmanship of the Judiciary Committee.
Galen's view of the circulatory system was also incorrect.
About 3 percent of the Israeli population live in kibbutzim.
The Javanese have been making batiks for about a thousand years.
The innermost coat is the retina, which lies behind the lens.
In a sense, this is like imagining waves without water.
Glidden, an Illinois farmer, patented the barbed wire used today.
Contact metamorphism around intrusive masses belongs to this type.
Annexation of Texas provided them with a jingoistic cause.
God is not just all-knower but is also cosmic purpose.
The Indian Ocean began to open up during the Jurassic Period.
A regent governs during the incapacity of a monarch.
These phases have become interdependent.
His early works were naturalistic and impressionistic.
The wing also has flaps inboard of the ailerons.
The monitor lizard, jackal, and hyena are found in the desert.
Ionospheric reflection cannot occur.
It was the hub from which the famous Inca road network radiated.
He was supported by the internationalist wing of his party.
Others moved north and east out of range of Iroquois war parties.
An isotonic solution is one that causes no change in cell volume.
The world's leading producers of bauxite are Jamaica, Guinea, and Surinam.
A high-speed interurban express links Tokyo and Osaka.
It may not produce enough sales to insure profitability.
Jitterbugging was also called jiving, and jitterbug music, jive.
Henry is not only kingly but also a master of the common touch.
He opposed government intervention in the economy.
Lenz's law explains the behavior of the inductance coil.
Cesium may ignite spontaneously on exposure to moist air.
About half of the Kirghiz population still adheres to Islam.
Projectiles inflict damage in a variety of ways.
The yellow-eyed junco has a dark upper bill and pale lower bill.
The Navy was incomparably the world's strongest.
The concept of isomorphism is basic to modern mathematics.
This practice was curtailed by the Budget and Impoundment Control Act.
Karate contests are not standardized.
He is remembered primarily for his book "Lectures on Jurisprudence."
Who has access to the information?
Their structure suggests that they are incapable of such flight.
Newport was founded by groups fleeing religious intolerance.
England and France provide an early illustration of this process.
His unconventional use of typography was intentional.
Earliest mention of chariot racing is found in Homer's Iliad.
Males often have an iridescent sheen and very long tails.
Such self-improvement is possible by their success in agriculture.
With his gaucho militia, he fought the insurgent centralists.
Children often work in small groups or individually.
Kingfishers are usually classified into three subfamilies.
Phi Beta Kappa was the first honor society.
Sticktights are inactive fleas.
The rocky intertidal areas of temperate climates are visible.
Baronets and Knights are both titled "Sir."
The hostages were released on Ronald Reagan's inauguration.
Jumping fleas have a ligament to catapult them into the air.
Among his final works was The Jewess of Toledo.
In North America, cicadas are incorrectly called locusts.
The outcome of the conflict was indecisive.
The incidence of malaria remains high.
Matthews's professional career lasted an incredible 33 years.
They were classified as an impure race in Nazi Germany.
The four knave cards have been eliminated in the modern deck.
Her music is always smoothly and idiomatically constructed.
Polaris missiles carry three 200-kiloton warheads.
African violets grow best in indirect sunlight.
Nickel was mined and used for centuries in impure form.
Today many puppet plays are also performed by Kabuki actors.
Unlike Indic, Iranian lacks lineal continuity.
He was honest and industrious.
The few species found include the jackal, boar, and hyena.
A key problem in archaeology is dating.
DeVries performed a second implantation of the Jarvik Seven.
Incoming grain is sampled for quality, purity, and moisture content.
Birdlife is plentiful and varied, including herons, ibis, and kites.
A traditional urban waste-disposal method is incineration.
They specialized in the humor of illogical logic.
Injunctions may be preliminary or permanent.
Irregularity increases from south to north.
The kamikaze pilots began operating soon after.
The process results from molecular interaction at surfaces.
In modern judo, events are qualifying matches.
The mountain symbolizes an immovable faith.
The criminal is one who acts purposely, knowingly, and recklessly.
The flowers are actually small and inconspicuous.
Inbreeding is often continued through several generations.
Inhibition involves the inactivation of enzymes.
A pyroxene mineral, jadeite is a sodium aluminosilicate.
These weapons systems are not limited by the interim agreement.
A German firm developed some of the finest canoes and kayaks.
Illyrian was spoken north of Greece during the Greco-Roman period.
By the end of the month, the fall of North Korea seemed imminent.
His primary work was "The Incoherence of the Incoherence."
Is reality ultimately reducible to a single underlying substance?
He is an intransigent champion of free will.
An icebreaker is used for clearing a passage through ice-bound waters.
Israeli Hebrew is spoken by about 3 million persons in Israel.
Krypton is a monatomic gas.
Americans learned to master the new impressionism.
Their roots go back to the Indian canoe and the Eskimo kayak.
Many couples use voluntary infertility, or contraception.
The city is the site of Illinois Wesleyan University.
Illiteracy is virtually nonexistent.
At this point the coronary arteries interconnect.
He was also contentious and insubordinate.
Most are interdependent.
They found little to induce settlement beyond the eastern seaboard.
Illiteracy has been virtually eliminated.
Her nomination was vigorously but ineffectually opposed.
They discovered Freon and "antiknock" gasoline.
He was declared politically incompetent by parliament.
English is the official language, and little illiteracy exits.
Jonah expresses God's concern for Gentiles as well as Jews.
He provided a model for circuit riders, or itinerant preachers.
Poets and scholars found kindred spirits in the classical writers.
Political events broke the military impasse.
Most infrared observations are hopelessly inaccurate.
They obtained another inert gas, xenon, from the krypton residue.
Is the universe intelligible and orderly?
The Turks seized most of Persian Kurdistan in the northwest.
Roads are often impassable during the rainy season.
Baroque illusionism was not without precedents.
Population data are imprecise and incomplete.
His work was always highly inventive but not imitable.
The annual production was some 25 billion kilowatt hours.
It dropped incendiary bombs on Tokyo.
Chrome plating can be performed by immersion or by electrolysis.
It describes the techniques of investigative journalism.
Coherence is an interferometric property of light.
His 15 etudes are instructive for virtuoso technique.
The resulting sense of sin and impotence impoverishes human life.
Both ions are isoelectronic with argon.
Its name comes from the Moorish name for the Iberian Peninsula.
Fossils have been dated by the isotopic content of their skeletons.
Among all Brethren, trine immersion is practiced.
Joshua used darkness to screen his small army.
Most are either beneficial or innocuous.
Members of the judiciary are chosen by the president.
Intercurrent infections aggravate the situation.
Canoeing and kayaking have been pastimes for many centuries.
They are classified as incorporeal and intangible property.
A prolific translator, Borrow knew some 30 languages.
The Inca cultivated such foods as corn, white and sweet potatoes, and squash.
Incompetence and bad luck had ruined Davis's plan.
The Javanese are famous for batik, a cloth widely used for sarongs.
The German "kaiser" and the Russian "tsar" are both derived from "caesar."
The resulting rash is known as scrub itch.
The human pelvic girdle contains the innominate, or hip, bone.
He was the son of a clothworker and tavern keeper.
The terms "diary" and "journal" are frequently interchangeable.
They include poems of infatuation.
A Korean passenger plane was shot down in the same area.
George's silver jubilee was celebrated with elaborate festivities.
It was an attack on French insolence.
Imitative embossings include wood grain and leather.
The government provides incentive subsidies for such service.
James Hargreaves perfected his spinning jenny.
Hair can be straight, wavy, curly, or kinky.
Bedbugs inflict irritating bites.
It was recognized by the American Kennel Club.
White phosphorus is used in incendiary and napalm bombs.
Instructions are given by pressing keys on a keyboard.
Among the more striking breeds are the pouter, fantail, and Jacobin pigeons.
A brush, spatula, or palette knife may be used.
The Jansenists encouraged him in his studies.
Farther south, the rift becomes indistinct and untraceable.
The ammonites are a good illustration of evolutionary change.
Abel was instrumental in establishing mathematical analysis.
Edward Jenner introduced smallpox inoculation.
The interferometer is also used in the study of stellar spectra.
The guidance is usually based upon inertial navigation techniques.
Swiss mountain herdsmen still use the instrument to summon their cows.
The issuance of stock to raise funds is called equity financing.
He presided with even-handed firmness over the impeachment trial.
The Crime Control Act provides for judicially approved wiretapping.
He had enormous influence on the study of jurisprudential history.
This type of reversibility is called "Time Reversal Invariance."
The neutron has half-integral spin.
Each pin that is knocked down counts as 1 point.
Samsara and karma are not doctrines specific to Buddhism.
A lack of intrinsic factor results in pernicious anemia.
Keyhole limpets comprise three genera.
Brewster invented the kaleidoscope.
Inverness is the principal town.
Defenders may tackle the player with the ball to impede his or her motion.
Sporozoa are immotile.
He also designed furniture with inlaid and carved decoration.
Vertical velocities are measured in tenths of a kilometer per hour.
Its democratic constitution worked imperfectly.
The backsaw is used in joinery work.
It is located on the Sava River at its junction with the Danube.
Honary knighthood is still in existence.
Smithson's most famous earthwork is Spiral Jetty.
Intaglio engraving was vastly improved.
If two straight lines intersect, their point of intersection is common.
The cars may use only gravity to propel them down an incline.
Smoking also causes enzyme induction.
Fishing boats take whales, seal, and krill from the surrounding ocean.
He was among the national leaders of the Jeffersonian party.
The jackrabbit and the snowshoe rabbit are hares.
He was a lifelong isolationist.
New ideas, however, continued to inundate the country.
This practice of impressment became a major grievance.
Infanticide is the act of killing an infant at birth.
Keynesian ideas have come under criticism in recent years.
Increasingly bitter strife puzzled and infuriated Adams.
Inexplicably, his subordinates took position on Breed's Hill.
The antibodies cause life-threatening anemia and jaundice.
Football made its first appearance at the intercollegiate level.
Bach enjoyed a wide reputation as a keyboard virtuoso.
A variety of inflorescences occur among the angiosperms.
Large sculptures were viewed as idolatrous by the early Christians.
He was a French philosopher, statesman, and jurist.
Case inflection is rare outside the Indo-European languages.
Others lack the proboscis, having instead three knifelike jaws.
He carried only Tennessee, Kentucky, and Virginia.
Symmetry under space reflection leads to parity invariance.
Rent controls typically are inefficient and often inequitable.
The depth charge works on the principle that water is incompressible.
The first conflict was over Kashmir.
Conservative educators regard knowledge as fixed and immutable.
Incipient class structures existed.
Finland ceded Karelian territories to the USSR.
Does the external world exist apart from our consciousness of it?
The most important are bitter orange blossoms, jasmine, and rose.
It was customary law, not the work of a legislator.
He devoted himself to a lavish libertinism.
The cigar flower is a shrubby plant in the loosestrife family.
He won the Outland Trophy as the outstanding college lineman that year.
They are lucid narratives that hold the reader.
These astral microtubules proliferate and lengthen.
Argentina ranks among the world's top producers of rye, maize, and linseed.
They speak the lingua franca of Zambia.
High-alumina laterites are sometimes used as ores.
The Richter scale is logarithmic.
They were successful logistically but not financially.
The town was lawless until vigilantes imposed some order.
The curly lapdog is a small, nonsporting breed of dog.
It established lithography as a medium for contemporary American art.
Composite laces are made using a combination of two techniques.
The core is made of thin laminated plates.
A Lancastrian, he married Elizabeth of York.
Loosestrifes are moisture-loving, slender plants.
Lymph nodes on the back of the neck become swollen and tender.
Alpaca makes soft, lustrous, pile-weave fabrics for coats.
It was recorded in the Libyan desert.
The inflected forms of a lexical item are grouped into paradigms.
They have a three-layered body.
These are the luminance signal and the chrominance signal.
He was criticized for his lowborn and corrupt advisors.
Numerous variations occur in other Latinate languages.
Domestic cats belong to the longhair or the shorthair categories.
More advanced levels call for lateral movements.
The English, using the longbow, scored crushing victories.
Mammals include langur, leopard, civet, and mongoose.
East Coast launches are for spacecraft going into low-inclination orbits.
Less popular is the electrostatic loudspeaker.
Hay consists of dried grasses and legumes.
Lancashire is a county in northwestern England.
Airglow is a luminosity of the Earth's upper atmosphere.
Magnetite, or lodestone, is a permanent magnet found in nature.
He was a French scholastic philosopher and logician.
Its industries include lumbering, fishing, shipping, and tourism.
Parades also counted on logistics.
Jesus restored Lazarus to life there.
The grass blade consists of a sheath and a blade, or lamina.
The Lancet's readership is about 55,000.
The Supreme Court upheld the legality of the evacuation.
Africa has the lowest railroad density in the world.
An increasing segment of the population is footloose.
There is a considerable body of Ladino literature.
Everything, including the lavatory fixtures, was custom-designed.
Lugworms are annelid marine worms.
The Bee Gees appeared in the movie "Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band."
He married Lydia Jackson.
Leda's daughter, Helen of Troy was hatched from an egg.
Lactation begins at freshening, when a calf is born.
Legalization stimulated development of lower-cost health service.
It is also called ling or Scotch heather.
Temporary alimony may be allowed during litigation.
It demanded great listening skill.
Lookout Mountain is ascended by one of the world's steepest railroad inclines.
McClure's Magazine became noted for liveliness and variety.
The laser is the main source of such light.
The most potent hallucinogen is LSD.
Lang was also known for his literary criticism.
Latimer created lawrencium.
A maze is a form of labyrinth.
Reindeer graze the moss and lichen in the high plateau areas.
His work first defined a human leukocyte antigen.
It has a littoral strip of mangrove swamps.
The treeless tundra has a spotty cover of moss, lichen, and scrub.
After a lull of 6 days, the Italians tried again.
Images of tantric deities abound in Lamaist art.
Magnesite, lignite, and marble are important today.
Seaport towns grew and prospered as a lucrative overseas trade flourished.
Hogs yield lard from their fatty tissue.
Japan liberalized its abortion law in 1948.
Lactose comprises about 5 percent of milk.
Common shrubs of the chaparral are scrub oak and mountain lilac.
Logarithms are exponents.
The Tibetans developed Lamaism.
Other birds are the mockingbird, lyrebird, starling, and myna.
A lobbyist attempts to influence legislators.
This westernmost section has a variety of loamy and sandy soils.
He was playfully lecherous and continually chased the nymphs.
Wise leadership could negate weaknesses in logistics.
These are lovingly detailed scenes.
Philip the Magnanimous was the most famous landgrave.
It's a collection of curious lore about men and manners.
Lifesaving is an aspect of water safety.
He first studied music in Leghorn, his native city.
His son and successor was lustful and extravagant.
The bobcat, or lynx, is a mammal in the cat family.
Lignite deposits are concentrated in the Cologne vicinity.
Oregon's forests are the lifeblood of the state's economy.
Lapis luzuli continues to be taken from ancient mines in the northeast.
Twice Burgoyne lunged at the American lines.
In logographic systems, one sign can represent several words.
His "Under the Linden" is the most famous love poem in German.
It is the loggerhead musk turtle.
Lovage is a branching perennial herb growing.
Linguistically, the Turkic languages form a tightly knit group.
A master of the one liner, Burns has worked as a stand-up comic.
Gladstone championed liberalism and self-government everywhere.
Primroses grow best in shady sites having a deep, moist, loamy soil.
Other family members fought as Loyalists in the Revolutionary War.
This pattern was extended to the laity as well.
Diamond mining furnished a lucrative source of income in Angola.
Longspurs are migratory, ground-nesting birds.
An example of a time-difference system is Loran.
Lutheranism has been known as a doctrinal and dogmatic church.
The bare, leafless branchlets resemble pencils.
Nephrite has a splintery fracture and vitreous or silky luster.
The leading metals are nickel, copper, and iron ore.
It is the source of the reference to an actor being "in the limelight."
A craftsman who cuts gems is called a lapidary.
He pledged himself to political liberalization.
The massive stars evolved to low-luminosity objects.
Governments had little legitimacy.
The sandy soils support blackjach oak and longleaf pine.
This classification is known as brightness, or luminance.
Many types of primary and secondary lesions can occur.
A lesion here causes a motor aphasia.
Lignite occurs in the northwest.
Feverfews are erect and leafy.
A source of light in tropic oceans is the luminous jellyfish.
Windward areas receive heavy rains.
"P" is a voiceless labial stop, as in pin, park, and lip.
In 1341 he was crowned poet laureate in Rome.
The entire sand island barrier will gradually shift landward.
They are second in size only to the leatherbacks.
Tube artillery weapons approached full lethality during World War One.
The Crown is represented by a lieutenant-governor.
Larks are noted for the elaborate song of the males.
Lanolin can be mixed with almost twice its weight in water.
He became royal librarian in 1737.
Peonies thrive in any soil, particularly a fertile loam.
Linseed oil is also used in the manufacturing of linoleum.
Key Largo is the largest island in the chain.
The other family has only one genus, the leatherback turtle.
Spenser's allegories are labyrinthine.
A lightning campaign secured Spain.
The case was a strong defense of laissez-faire economics.
The 14th Dalai Lama was installed in 1940.
The trees have lance-shaped, leathery leaves and bell-shaped flowers.
The Libyan Desert is a great arid plain.
He died a leper a few years later.
A chain is a linearly ordered set.
Other types of detectors utilize microwave or laser devices.
His plays portray life as alternately lusty, squalid, and absurd.
The leaves are usually long and lanceolate.
It epitomized this new official liberality.
A living room must accommodate a wide range of activities.
It was activated only once, when the Redstone launcher failed.
Most of the buildings are wood, typical of Laotian architecture.
The asters are mostly coarse-growing, leafy-stemmed plants.
Leafy liverworts are elongated and flattened.
The leaves are lance-shaped or linear.
The most common process uses lump coal in a vertical retort.
The pesticide lindane is suspected of causing cancer.
He fought loyally against Sparta.
Nonliturgical litanies include the Litany of Loretto.
Jefferson sought to liberalize Virginia's laws.
Lecithin acts as an emulsifier in dressings and chocolates.
They are gregarious, often playing about ships and leaping from the water.
Lee invaded Pennsylvania for strategical and logistical reasons.
Galahad was the son of Lancelot and Elaine the Fair.
The linkage of the latter is not broken by humans.
Other salts include magnesium chloride, potash, and lithium.
Variable stars have lettered names.
Lukewarm compresses relieve the itching and redness of weeping skin.
Lockwood was a leading litigator and lobbyist for women's rights.
The Leyden jar was used for the storage of static electricity.
Leeward areas are considerably drier.
Lichens are classified on the basis of the fungal component.
His laudatory biography appeared in the year of Calvin's death.
The Prussian bureaucracy grew lax.
The traditional location of Lazarus's tomb is there.
Island arcs occur where two plates of the lithosphere converge.
Limerick's main physical feature is the Golden Vale.
Few writing systems exist in purely logographic or alphabetic form.
Shakespeare's King Lear is based on Geoffrey's work.
A curve is the path, or locus, of a point moving in space.
Taffeta is a lustrous fabric made of silk or synthetic fibers.
Lactobacillus is important in the production of buttermilk.
Detection of these substances requires analysis in a lab.
The absence of prolactin inhibits lactation.
Two great nature poets lived during the Period of Disunion.
A pupil of Lambert Lombard, he followed Lombard to Rome.
Tons of cotton lint were produced.
New works are constantly entering the lexicon.
She was an American lexicographer and author.
The lancelet is of little economic importance.
Obsidian is a semiprecious gem because of its shiny lustre.
An example is the drug lithium carbonate.
Lymphomas include such disorders as Hodgkin's Disease.
A Portuguese lute and a guitar support the solo singer.
Laver retired from tournament play after 1976.
The London he describes is a haunted labyrinth.
The young men went bare-chested, their only clothing a brief loincloth.
A libretto is the text of an opera, operetta, or oratorio.
The most primitive lungfish is the Australian lungfish.
There are two basic types, tramp ships and cargo liners.
Berg's second opera, "Lulu," fared less well.
As feudalism developed, the rank of knight became a landholding rank.
Ligation of blood vessels may be employed for hemorrhaging emergencies.
Movements from one locality to a different one are called emigrations.
Fully grown feathers are lifeless structures composed of keratin.
A National Leaguer, Carlton began pitching for the St. Louis Cardinals.
Their madcap humor resulted in spontaneous lunacy.
The fruit is a legume.
A second system used a pound called the libra.
Men took to wearing cascading shoulder-length wigs.
Many models were proposed likening the ether to an elastic solid.
One of the earliest hypnotics was laudanum.
Ladybugs, or ladybird beetles, are insects.
The success of the Lombards was temporary.
The elevations are due to enzyme leakage from destroyed cells.
Some names are chosen politically rather than linguistically.
Atkinson received a Tony Award for lifetime achievement.
She was an American lyricist and composer of popular songs.
Here, they live enclosed within a leathery or chitinous tube.
Faulkner grew up surrounded by traditional lore.
Luminescence is the emission of light by cold materials.
Meanders tend to lengthen a river and reduce its velocity.
People do not have earlids, yet they may choose not to listen.
The Pine Barrens in the south contain deposits of limonite.
Rackets are lightweight, much smaller than those used in tennis.
About 20% of the population is literate.
LSD is derived from ergot.
It is most commonly called asparagus fern, or lace fern.
A landfall was made on the morning of October 5th.
Rasputin's conduct became increasingly licentious.
To liberate a slave was considered a laudable act.
The loaves are dense, firm, and dark in color.
Linseed, tung , safflower, and soy are most frequently used.
It is usually found from Labrador to Cape Cod.
On large egg-farms, most hens are white leghorns.
Lockouts were sometimes used to frustrate union organizers.
Strandlines can be recognized by depositional and erosional features.
Liens are characterized as either general or particular.
Among his major writings is "A Treatise on Limnology."
Trade in slaves has provided its economic lifeblood.
They are leathery, dark green above and whitish or brown beneath.
Other liens include the judgment lien and the landlord's lien.
The stems are split lengthwise.
Its seeds taste like licorice.
Eyebrow pencils, mascara and lipstick are compounds of oil, wax, and pigments.
Langley never succeeded in building a full-size workable aircraft.
They were rescinded or allowed to lapse.
His typefaces are noted for their legibility.
These are harmless, and the fruits are a source of sumac lemonade.
The third parties are similarly liable to the principal.
It is sponsored by the Lumberman's Association of America.
Churchill defended the reformer and libertarian John Wilkes.
There are many 12th-century churches in and nearby Limerick.
Arteries have three concentric layers of tissue.
The thin, well-drained soils of the steep slopes are clayey to loamy.
Because of lagging attendance, the league changed to a fall schedule.
The body employs all the typical leverage forms.
The latter became modern Lorraine.
The culture of leek is similar to that for onion.
Other shorthand methods include those that abbreviate longhand writing.
The Eisenhower-Nixon ticket was reelected by landslide.
Two Baltic languages, Lithuanian and Lettish, survive.
The female produces a litter of two to four young.
The Encyclopedia was laced with Enlightenment opinion.
The word "epistemology" comes from the Greek "episteme" and "logos."
Riga is the capital of the Latvian Republic.
Europe is a large peninsula of the Eurasian landmass.
It will disintegrate when alkaline laundry detergents are used.
Along marine coastal areas is a Littoral Zone.
Pure indium is a highly lustrous, silver white metal.
Lantana is a hairy shrub seldom exceeding 2 meters high.
The law holds except at high pressures, when gases tend to liquefy.
Glass snakes are legless lizards.
The desert lily is a leafy-stemmed perennial herb.
Like the Greek hero Achilles, he had an almost invulnerable body.
Acrylic is known by its trade names Lucite and Plexiglass.
Taoism and Legalism attacked Confucianism.
Edmunds is in the county of Suffolk on the River Lark.
Latex compound locks in the tufts.
Early industries included lumbering and shipbuilding.
It was memorable for its portrayal of the ludicrous scheming villain.
The deep facial bones include two lacrimals.
Another university of this type was the Lyceum.
A lacrosse ball is made of India rubber.
You have only to listen.
The logarithmic spiral was discovered by Descartes.
The lockout is analogous to the strike.
Index entries have two parts, a heading and a locator.
This latency phenomenon occurs with every type of carcinogen.
In this article, parentheses will be used in lieu of brackets.
Lice that are parasitic on the human head and body can transmit typhus.
His logistic organization also included supply and siege trains.
The volcanic fragments may be vitric, crystalline, or lithic.
The modern French word for a tooth filling means "leadwork."
Vinyl and acrylic latexes offer exceptional lightfastness.
Its lyricism appealed to the early European romantics.
Failure to do this usually results in a lackluster performance.
They are involved in the development of launch vehicles.
Humankind's creative intelligence is limitless.
Bolivia is a landlocked country straddling the central Andes.
This open trading has led to liquidity in the market.
Luke was the patron saint of artists.
Among vertebrates, reptiles show the greatest longevity.
Imperial lacquer factories were set up.
They were the direct inspiration for the three great lancet windows.
This area was the locus of man's most important developments.
They are separated by longitudinal valleys in many places.
Most linguists recognize at least two organizational levels.
Coal, lignite, and potash are the principal mineral resources.
Fergusson died in a lunatic asylum.
The present unit of luminous intensity is the candela.
One major type of lymphoma is Hodgkin's Disease.
A lyric was a song written to be accompanied by a lyre.
Langurs are 43 to 79 centimeters long.
Digestion is completed extracellularly in the lumen.
Their zeal for justice leads them to legitimize murder.
Lanthanum was so named because it is difficult to isolate.
Minorca remained Loyalist.
Lymphocytes are carried by the lymphatic system to the infection.
Leatherwood is a deciduous, flowering shrub.
Ranks are tutor, lecturer, and professor.
There are even more Lao in neighboring Thailand than in Laos.
He was an English Baptist missionary and linguist.
He spent his childhood in Lima, Peru.
Loch Ness is a long, narrow, freshwater lake.
A Portuguese neurosurgeon performed the first prefrontal lobotomy.
His "Lamplighter's Serenade" was Frank Sinatra's first recorded song.
Timber logged for the manufacture of paper products is called pulpwood.
The word derives from the Greek "kryptos" and "logos."
The young move at a more leisurely rate.
Cary Grant is the professional name of Alexander Archibald Leach.
Periodic dental examinations may be lifesaving.
These limbless animals are usually burrowers.
France was given special trade privileges in the Levant.
In Roman mythology, Luna was the moon goddess.
It is transparent with a leaflike shape and long needlelike teeth.
Other causes of landslides include earthquakes and loud sounds.
Pipefishes have a rigid, interlocking latticework skeleton.
A small number of Lapps live in northern Finland.
Warp knits are used for dresses, shirts, and lingerie.
Brown was a standout in basketball, lacrosse, and track.
The lobes are made up of lobules.
The Landau takes its name from the Bavarian town where it originated.
He won the Battle of Lookout Mountain at Chattanooga.
The M-60 had a gun turret that mounted a missile launcher.
In general usage, libido means sexual drive.
They present a lurid picture of his reign.
Lymphatic tissues of the intestines are known as lacteals.
The lode took its name from Henry T. Comstock.
Duration of twilight varies with latitudinal position.
He was an American locomotive designer and philanthropist.
The mucus serves to lubricate the passageway.
The logarithm in the equations is to the power of 10.
The protostar is very much like a leaky balloon.
The LP had narrower grooves than a conventional record.
For water, this is one liter.
There he studied and lectured on the Sentences of Peter Lombard.
These athletes need strengthening programs to compensate for joint laxity.
The short lute, long lute, and tambourine were popular.
The main industry is lumbering.
It is the lament of four women after the Battle of Agincourt.
Documents prove that he received payment as a layman.
The largest refractors are at Lick and Yerkes Observatories.
Genealogy is the study of ancestry, or family lineage.
Legless lizards are two species of snakelike lizards.
Indonesia has more than 8 million landless farmers.
Thick layers of substances can be penetrated by X-rays.
Crotalaria is a genus of shrubs and herbs of the pea family.
This condition exists during a lightning storm.
Lawrencium is a synthetic radioactive metal.
Loquat fruits are juicy.
Lapp settlements existed in Finland very early.
A libration is a vibration around some equilibrium position.
The flowers may be white, yellowish, or lavender.
It frequently forms lamellar or rounded masses.
Both sexes have backward-curved, lyre-shaped horns.
Lazulite is the principal component of LAPIS LAZULI.
Lactose is hydrolyzed by lactase to glucose and galactose.
Among Lima's chief industries are textile and steel manufacturing.
Bartok died of leukemia in New York City.
Jekyll can transform himself into a lascivious alter ego.
He also starred in the films "Pennies from Heaven" and "The Lonely Guy."
Writing with logograms is writing according to the rebus principle.
The thoracic and lumbar segments contain nerves of the sympathetic system.
A Chinese-British liaison committee will oversee the accord.
Coughing, with moderate laryngitis, may also occur.
Localization of function is defined by two investigative techniques.
These games induce laughter by the nature of their demands.
They all have many-segmented bodies and well-developed musculature.
A heavy brake shoe is lifted off a brake drum by an electromagnet.
Marriage is between bands and is usually monogamous.
Conflict theory has developed at both micro and macro levels.
In this part of Asia, musicianship is primarily vocal.
It is noted for its mellifluous iambic verse.
Fisher and pine marten have all but disappeared.
The female forms are called morphs.
Their effects are seen in glacial deposits and morainal ridges.
Muscle tissue, or myocardium, is the middle layer.
The two basic types are mooring buoys and navigational buoys.
Malnutrition rates in Africa are the highest in the world.
Common snakes include the cobra, python, and mamba.
There are numerous materialistic philosophies.
The townships are administered by the municipality.
Mesolithic remains have been found there.
Mining and metallurgy are important activities.
This method was first applied to the Magellanic Clouds.
Monosodium glutamate is derived from gluten.
Mongooses are small carnivores.
Such mottling of leaves typifies all mosaic viral infections.
The reasons were manifold.
Marketable size is attained in 75 to 90 days.
Fractional measurements are given on the sleeve of the micrometer.
The Monotype is a machine used for mechanical typesetting.
Descent is matrilineal, and marriage is polygynous.
Some require members to purchase a minimum number of books.
Bacteriology is the branch of microbiology that studies bacteria.
It is a result of the conservation of momentum.
Microfossils are studied in the field of micropaleontology.
Finally comes the matador for the kill.
After amplification, these signals are applied to a modulator.
Milk of magnesia is used as an antacid and as a laxative.
Astrology and sun worship also played a role in Mithraism.
Dairy cattle have been bred for their large mammary glands.
It was a government-regulated communications monopoly.
The Manifesto retains its compelling force.
It's the major metropolis of the windswept Texas Panhandle.
The majority of the people are Protestants.
Marlin, dolphin, and tuna are found offshore.
Downy mildews are not closely related.
His mummy was discovered in the Valley of the Kings.
Germanic, Slavic, and Magyar peoples live there.
Masochism is the direct opposite of sadism.
Mambas are venomous African snakes.
The animal has a musky odor.
Another feature of the river is its meandering.
The fauna include white-tailed deer, squirrels, mink, and skunks.
The malleability of lead make it useful for sheathing cables.
The Mandarin dialect is now China's national spoken language.
Molasses and honey add their typical flavors as well as sweetness.
She wrote movingly of Kentucky life during the Depression.
Monoculture of rice characterizes the lower Burma delta.
The flavor is mildly fruity and spicy, without a hint of hops.
These boards had the advantage of high maneuverability.
Hamilton fell mortally wounded and died the next day in New York.
Madder root has been replaced by a synthetic product.
His opera manuscripts bear the name Marc Antonio.
Its industries include food processing, especially rice milling.
His great tragic roles included Hamlet, Macbeth, and Lear.
General symptoms include fever and malaise.
Each monastery is independent.
The word comes from the Greek and means "manifestation."
Justices Owen Roberts and Frank Murphy registered strong dissents.
The law recognizes three kinds of misrepresentation.
The popular revolt was led by the Maccabees.
Microwave relay is impractical for transoceanic communications.
Crops include fruit, maize, and grapes.
Moratoria have been declared many times throughout history.
Television was used memorably by Eisenhower.
The tail tuft is maroon or black.
Inhabitants are of Malayan and Chinese descent.
Gray squirrels may breed in midwinter and again in late spring.
The symphonic form is by no means exhausted or moribund.
The city attracts large numbers of Mardi Gras visitors.
Malaria and malnutrition are widespread.
It's remarkable for its metal workmanship and ornamentation.
Other processes have modified the martian surface.
Some began by massacring Jews in the Rhine valley.
Decongestants are drugs used to shrink swollen mucosa.
Several hundred of the so-called Mississippian societies appeared.
The site of each such tomb was marked by a mortuary temple.
Minuscule alumina crystals begin to form.
Shakespeare's achievement was manifold.
The Aborigines needed to be mobile.
Magnus concerned himself with the revision of Norway's laws.
Their chief foods are acacia and mimosa leaves.
Many companies now store their records on microfilm.
The carbonate mineral magnesite is a source of magnesia.
The Azores and Madeira Islands are Portuguese possessions.
It is often shaped like a J and fitted with a mouthpiece.
Mucosal injury may arise due to physical or chemical agents.
K-Mart has its headquarters in Troy, Michigan.
She studied in Italy and made her debut in Milan.
The capital of the league was Megalopolis.
Manx and Cornish are now extinct.
He launched a mammoth traveling circus, museum, and menagerie.
Common sense provides a rich vocabulary of motivational terms.
Mesospheric jet streams are produced in a different manner.
The deeper layers contain melanin, a color pigment.
Mall projects in city centers have resulted in revitalization.
He viewed himself as a cosmopolitan mediator among nations.
Cattle and merino sheep are raised.
Loneliness and misunderstanding are dominant themes in his work.
The city's Metro, the subway system, opened in 1969.
The mash is now ready for fermentation.
She was a musicologist.
The highest point in Antarctica is Vinson Massif.
Mintage is a process for coining metal money by a government.
The concept of a monorail originated in the 19th century.
The young Marconi developed a deep interest in electrical phenomena.
The DC generator rotates the conductors in a magnetic field.
Barlow lenses produce increased magnification.
Its name is Malayan and means "man of the woods."
The synagogue service is sometimes referred to as the bar mitzvah.
Antihistamines are used in treating motion sickness.
Many Christians welcomed martyrdom.
Bigeyes have oblique mouths with small conical teeth.
Most mink is ranch-raised.
Thar she blows.
The site of Auckland was once a principal Maori settlement.
"Four Quartets" is a suite of meditative poems.
Nearby are ruins of a Minoan city.
Like other members of the mint family, hyssop contains aromatic oils.
Maltase converts maltose to glucose.
He's the world's most popular pantomime performer.
Mendel's work was "rediscovered" around 1900.
Various factors led to the eventual decline of manorialism.
Chemically, latite is a fine-grained equivalent of monzonite.
It easily yields an electron, forming monovalent positive ions.
These more militaristic tribes began to organize more rigidly.
Changes of one milliampere per lumen are possible.
Skin mites cause mange.
The protein quality is minimally affected by normal heating.
The intercity bus industry is marginally profitable.
An essential oil obtained from myrrh is an ingredient of perfume.
The actual "deposit multiplier" is closer to 2 than to 10.
The Mayflower left Plymouth on April 3rd.
He subsequently took over most of the ministerial posts.
Both Malagasy and French are official languages.
Temperatures are relatively mild in winter.
He was a renowned master of Persian miniature painting.
The hind wings are wide and membranous.
The inspiration was Miltonic.
The population is about 75 percent mestizo.
The thorax is divided into the mesothorax, and metathorax.
Each monad was internally determined by its definition.
Misrepresentations most commonly arise in contract situations.
The guard was made subject to federal mobilization.
The tales first appeared in Bentley's Miscellany.
The primary crops were soybeans, groundnuts, maize, and cotton.
For the next 60 years, the Magyars spread westward over Europe.
The people, mostly Melanesian tribesmen, hunt, farm, and fish.
Medlar fruit is eaten raw or in preserves.
Ransom's critical methodology was derived from Eliot.
Hera becomes the goddess of marital virtue.
The city has a mayor.
The unit of gravity measurement is the milligal.
The madness of King Lear leads him to tragic awareness.
Regulation was accomplished manually at first.
Acute mastoiditis can be serious.
Although a monarchist, he promulgated land reform.
He married Maria Hadfield, herself a miniaturist.
The first Minuteman launch took place at Cape Canaveral.
It can be raised as a gentle and well-mannered house dog.
The paranasal sinuses are lined with a mucosa, or moist membrane.
Heavy drinking was a tradition at the Macedonian court.
They asked Kennedy to mediate the dispute.
The striped mullet is found worldwide in warm marine waters.
Stone Mountain Memorial Park is nearby.
Davis had no monopoly on problems.
The subject is called hydromagnetics.
Of the four varieties, the Maltese is the most widely known.
Penn's seal read, "Mercy, Justice, and Truth."
The electrified mileage was reduced by half.
Their mouths are encircled by tentacles.
His work marked the beginning of mammalian physiology.
It is made mainly in the Far East.
Manioc, an Amazonian root crop, was introduced into Africa.
Striking variations are the crested cockatoos and the long-tailed macaws.
Many colors have been developed from mutant mink.
Midwifery became uncommon in most developed nations.
Mnemonics are cues to help retrieve the appropriate information.
A magnetometer measures magnetic field strength.
The magnet required for guiding the particles became massive.
State intervention was an important part of mercantilism.
This period was characterized by misgovernment and turmoil.
He attempted to muster a revolt, then committed suicide.
Malpractice is misconduct by any professional.
These are considered signs of threatening miscarriage.
Hypnosis, or "mesmerism," is a psychotherapeutic technique.
John Wesley founded Methodism.
The Magi were the priestly hierarchy of Zoroastrianism.
They are therefore not used for treating meningitis.
Early transmissions were all manually operated.
The habitat of this fish is muddy-bottomed lakes and ponds.
He wrote about multistage rockets.
The muslin is marked, cut, and sewn into a sample garment.
The marimba is an octave lower than the xylophone.
The morays usually live in clear reef waters.
Bobbin lace developed from macrame.
The molding material is a mixture of sand and heat-setting resin.
Misprision includes various crimes and misdemeanors.
The marketplace is the center of the capitalist system.
In Genesis 5, Enoch was the father of Methuselah.
Jewish tradition stresses monotheism.
The mastiff is a reliable guard dog.
Monochrome ceramics represent jaguars as well as humans and houses.
He founded the city of Anaconda, Montana.
Bedstraw is a slender herb in the madder family.
Theories about the causes of child maltreatment vary.
Water plants are favorite among moose and swamp deer.
The manta rays are the largest of the rays.
Chemical and metallurgical industries are important.
A tamarin is a small, diurnal, monkeylike marmoset.
Until about 1930, automobiles were braked mechanically.
Moore studied music at Magdalen College.
This development does not imply an early matriarchy.
Aerial photographs are used for mapmaking.
Morse perfected the magnetic telegraph.
Behavior modification has evoked criticism.
He was a celebrated composer of madrigals.
Each maxilla has two fang sockets.
None of these types of aggression is mutually exclusive.
The angular momentum of the skaters and the stars remains constant.
A political masterstroke followed.
A telephone company serving a community is a monopolist.
Such deceptive coloration is called mimicry.
Mesa was settled in 1878 by Mormons.
Corn, sorghum, and millet are the principal crops.
The writ of mandamus can be either peremptory or alternative.
Many ferns multiply through rhizome branching.
Mallows are plants of several genera in the mallow family.
Mesodermal cells interact with endodermal cells to form the pancreas.
It is empowered to establish mandatory safety standards.
Marlins can swim at speeds up to 65 kilometers per hour.
Heavy water is used as a moderator in nuclear reactors.
This mounting arrangement is delicate and easily disturbed.
Half-lives range from millionths of seconds to 10 billion years.
The sporoplasm develops into a plasmodium.
This is true of the American mimic thrushes.
Microfilming began in banks in the 1920s.
The Malay outrigger canoe is an example of such a boat.
The Moselle and the Main rivers are its chief tributaries.
They may or may not have a conspicuous midrib.
The mumps virus is spread by infected saliva.
A mummy is an embalmed body dating from ancient Egyptian times.
The breed was developed from the Thoroughbred and the Morgan.
China is a multiracial state.
The book was written during the Maccabean wars.
Ethel Merman was the stage name of Ethel Zimmerman.
Around Mach 1 and above, special aerodynamic problems arise.
The semilegendary King Midas was a Phrygian.
Not all miscible-liquid systems behave in this ideal manner.
Mesenteric vascular disease may be arterial or venous.
Sumner considered folkways and mores obstacles to social progress.
A muffler attenuates noise.
For centuries the region was malarial and unhealthful.
For many years their growth was mandatory.
Most former slaves joined Baptist or Methodist churches.
The term "maelstrom" describes large oceanic whirlpools.
Many Indians are monolingual.
He seized Malacca on the Malay Peninsula.
Birds are deceived by this mimicry and do not attack them.
No motive was established.
They painted nature with meticulous detail.
The bridge is motionless.
Charles was a militant Lutheran.
Elvers may form immense masses at the mouths of rivers.
Infant mortality is high.
Together the Melanesians number an estimated 2 million.
Little is known about the mineralization of collisional belts.
Its name is derived from modulation and demodulation.
In the Ming dynasty, the process became more calligraphic.
Arthur Miller's "Death of a Salesman" is a classic modern tragedy.
The coat's musky odor gives the musk-ox its name.
He began as a bicycle mechanic and motorcycle racer.
These rain-retreats grew into year-round monastic settlements.
Frogmouths are wide-mouthed, nocturnal birds.
This approach was largely micro-sociological in emphasis.
Those injured in the melee numbered to a hundred and fifty.
The government offered a one-year moratorium.
He remained as resident magistrate.
The link between the myosin and actin then breaks.
His mistake has been to confuse dissent with disloyalty.
Although there is a dominant wavelength, this light is not monochromatic.
McCoy also helped open the Chisholm Trail.
The same sculptural style is also evident in the Salting Madonna.
The subclan was based on matrilineal descent.
Mangrove trees dominate coastal areas.
Hinduism and Mahayana Buddhism were the main religions.
The apple maggot attacks apples, pears, and plums.
Singer left home at 12 to become an itinerant machinist.
Mucus carries food into the intestine.
These display the Mannerist influence.
African gazelles often mingle with herds of other herbivores.
Victims were usually blacks accused of murdering or raping whites.
He was called Philip the Magnanimous.
Melancholic and eccentric, Rudolf suffered bouts of depression.
Zoom optics produce a continuous range of magnifications.
Examples include milkweed and peony fruits.
Many species are called whistlers because of their melodious calls.
Mickey's squeaky voice was supplied by Disney.
Their most famous madcap leader was Ford Sterling.
Medusa, who was mortal, was killed by Perseus.
Mallards eat invertebrates and plants on the water's surface.
Malaga is the capital of Malaga province in southern Spain.
Multiple myeloma is a cancer of antibody-producing cells.
Green and magenta are complementary colors.
Cotton is mechanically harvested.
The study of fungi is Mycology.
Different microclimates are created by different underlying surfaces.
Microwave ovens employ a magnetron.
Moray was settled by Picts and invaded by Norsemen.
The ability to mobilize the economy for war is also crucial.
The curious roundworms lack circular musculature.
He was the first British martyr.
Maltreatment and violence gradually declined.
Monocarpic plants are those that flower only once and then die.
Several species of macaws are familiar as pets and zoo animals.
Hiawatha was a Mohawk Indian leader.
His autobiography, Mister Abbott, was published in 1960.
Milky varieties are termed moonstone.
The injection mechanisms are mechanically linked to the crankshaft.
He was a French crystallographer and mineralogist.
Wool and mohair are the major agricultural exports.
Minerva was an important Etruscan deity of the dawn.
The name refers to the toothlike ridges on the mandible mouthparts.
The constructions of David Smith followed in that modernist tradition.
Midas Mufflers is another subsidiary.
How did capitalism originate, and where is it leading?
The millicurie is equal to one-thousandth of a curie.
Morse was the son of a Calvinist minister.
It's a tuftlike, mosslike plant with reddish-purple flowers.
Most lymphocytes are small, mononuclear white cells.
As a quartet, they popularized a soft, melodious folkrock.
The hymns of early American settlers were metrical psalms.
The fig, breadfruit, and mulberry are also multiple fruits.
Only Helen Moody won more women's singles titles at Wimbledon.
This multiplicity introduced the element of time into vision.
The gel is a complex mixture of several sugar compounds.
They are available as fluids, moldable resins, and rubbers.
It was a monumental work that took 53 years to complete.
He also played the viola, mandolin, and guitar.
An albino has milky-white skin and white hair or feathers.
Geochemistry also touches upon mineralogy and petrology.
Most of the population is Mongoloid.
Little is known scientifically about meditation.
Fuller-flavored whiskeys mellow with wood maturation.
This process of development is called morphogenesis.
Most ducks molt their body feathers twice annually.
Beneath this is the white matter, nerve fibers sheathed in myelin.
Gentian roots contain glucosides that have been used medicinally.
The study of metaphysics becomes in part theological.
Some have intruded other bodies as crystal mush.
The city was called Molotov.
This was done in England through the Magna Carta.
The larvae metamorphose into free-living adult forms.
It was largely replaced by a system of multilateral agreements.
A larger cantaloupe type is often marketed as a muskmelon.
Manslaughter is wrongful, unplanned killing, done without malice.
He's accused of a morbid preoccupation with physical decay.
Methadone is also addictive.
Willow has been a favored basketmaking material for millennia.
He converted to Mormonism, and was ordained an elder.
Residual microwave background radiation has been detected.
The water moccasin, or cottonmouth, is a venomous snake.
For most maneuvers, two thrusts are optimum if applied properly.
It is also a leading producer of oilseed and beef cattle.
The English always enjoyed a tremendous preponderance of population.
They seem powerless to quit.
They make the world-famous Parmesan cheese.
Game birds of the area are the partridge, quail, and ringneck pheasant.
The Potlatch ceremony served to validate social prestige.
The cosmic egg is a primordial symbol of creation.
Multiple helminth and protozoan infections are common.
This ploy failed because of the opposition of Pope Nicholas the First.
After five years, they become eligible for naturalization.
Otology developed about the same time.
These two branches are the sympathetic and parasympathetic systems.
His novella "The Saliva Tree" won a Nebula Award.
Photographic photometry determines the brightness of celestial objects.
Pollux is a first-magnitude star.
Guidance depended on a preset inertial system.
Photoengraving can also be used to make color reproductions.
The prefix "pro" means "for" or "in place of."
It increases osmotic pressure.
One of the best-known cresses is watercress.
He studied for the priesthood.
Moved by Priam's grief, Achilles yielded the body.
These tended to be either Aristotelian or Platonic.
Land invented the Polaroid sheet polarizer.
It was extolled by the Germans until the rise of Nazism.
Peafowl rarely fly.
Bernoulli numbers are named for him.
In cases of obesity, 90 kilograms of fat may be present.
It differs from Hittite in its phonological system.
Gasohol provids greater octane and fewer pollutants.
During his pontificate, the Knights Templars were suppressed.
It persists in the prostatic glands of the male.
Other landmarks separate the parietal from the occipital lobe.
It stressed the oneness of the Christian church.
Shoreward, the epipelagic zone yields to the neritic zone.
Patrick's doctrine has been interpreted as anti-Pelagian.
Today's corporation is the offspring of hundreds of mergers.
The study of cancer is known as the field of oncology.
Many amnesties are partial.
Elaborate needlework also covered chair cushions.
Lace is an ornamental openwork fabric.
The oolong flavor is fruity and pungent.
It may result from occlusion of a major artery.
Poseidon turned the dead monster into the sea's first coral.
At the age of 30 he was named prefect of Rome.
The cause of paranoia is unknown.
CT scanning has revolutionized neurologic diagnosis.
Cerebral Palsy causes lifelong disability.
Most Venetian gondolas have been painted ostentatiously.
Carbon black provides excellent opacity.
The Earth is ours.
Polygyny is practiced.
Agamemnon's death was later avenged by his son Orestes.
Nekton are marine organisms that swim against currents and waves.
A provisional Communist government was established.
About 400 BC, pebble mosaics began to take pictorial form.
Families traditionally are patriarchal and patrilocal.
In obstetrics, measurement of fetal head size is useful.
Others followed Western occult pursuits such as palmistry and witchcraft.
These are the so-called porphyry coppers of the western United States.
Posters were displayed in public places as announcement or advertisement.
Parapsychologists designate all such phenomena as psi.
It is the most populous city in the Basque provinces.
The Crimea and the Caucasus underwent orogenesis.
For this period, the word "protohistory" is often used.
Both the scorpion and Orion later became constellations.
A computer then plots the results in an oscilloscopic display.
Vegetation is limited to coconut palms and pandunus trees.
These are generally called nitriles.
He widened his fascination with death to include nihilism.
It consists of a potpourri of little dances from many provinces.
Neutrinos are themselves classified as leptonic particles.
A number of their works resemble operettas.
Other Protozoa produce offspring within the body of a mother.
The narrator is an indispensable agent of communication.
In Greek mythology, Nestor was a king of Pylos.
Flats could be pulled offstage to reveal a second set.
They practice a high-yielding paddy form of agriculture.
California and Oregon are major asparagus-producing states.
Diabetes mellitus is a pancreatic disease.
A plebiscite was held in September.
The most popular duck in the United States is the White Pekin.
The plebeians won the right to marry patricians.
In summer, sand moves onshore again, and the berm becomes wider.
The ecological functions of an organism constitute its niche.
The nihilists saw society through hypocrisy and lies.
It is played by the third oboist in modern symphony orchestras.
It is difficult to overemphasize its importance.
Neither should the extent of outlawry on the frontier be exaggerated.
The court's geographical jurisdiction is nationwide.
The smaller pileated woodpecker is common in North America.
They found traces of an animal pelt surrounding one individual.
Many of the main public buildings are located along the Paseo.
This sort of presentment jury became widespread.
His opera "Orpheus" concerns basic problems of creativity.
Alberta has four provincially funded universities.
These facts have been shown by playback of recorded song.
He was a superb naturalist.
He was an active international peacemaker.
Other levers in use are the wheelbarrow, the nutcracker, and pliers.
He is often regarded as the originator of Abstract Art.
Napoleon Bonaparte's birthplace in the town is a museum.
Goldwyn retired after his last film, "Porgy and Bess."
Stuttering is considered to be psychogenic in origin.
Was it to be allowed in the new territories?
Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.
Cavalier poetry delicately evokes the pathos of fleeting love.
It mingles black humor, parody, and satire in outrageous proportions.
Ewald collaborated with others on "The Fishermen."
This current causes a proportional voltage gain.
He was succeeded by Queen Victoria, his niece.
Marriage is polygamous, each co-wife having a separate dwelling.
Many colonies are encrusting, but some are shrublike, fanlike, or nodular.
Best extracted the hormone insulin from the pancreas.
South Carolina unanimously adopted an ordinance of secession.
Most daddy longlegs are omnivorous.
Hiroshima is the capital of Hiroshima prefecture.
He had already produced a splendid full-scale preparatory drawing.
Most cattle are fattened in feedlots in the Phoenix area.
The state university is located in Natal.
In Britain the term has come to refer to a medical practitioner.
He died, worn out by overwork.
Its range and payload were negligible.
Stenographic keyboard machines write by means of phonetic spelling.
Predictably, the large landholders in the Senate opposed him.
The word "operetta" means literally "little opera."
He married the niece of King John of England.
Thorium and plutonium dioxides are used in nuclear reactors.
As an additional source of food, corals capture plankton.
Ritchey discovered a nova in the Andromeda Nebula.
In many respects he was the Asian counterpart of Marco Polo.
Cylinder machines are used for making thicker papers and paperboard.
A "dumb show" is a pantomime used as part of a play.
Southerners became overconfident.
A number of organic compounds contain nitrogen.
She was an advocate of abolition, prohibition, and women's rights.
Methadone is a synthetic narcotic.
Current laws obligate couples to practice family planning.
This was the prototype of the modern steel box girders.
Needlefish are great jumpers.
A logical extension of the polariscope was the polarimeter.
During his reign, Spain reached its political and economic nadir.
She displayed precocious musical ability as a child.
These differ from occidental examples in several ways.
The whitish flowers are borne on spikes resembling those of pokeweed.
Omnibuses became a popular form of urban transportation.
Prior to the availability of anesthetics, surgery was infrequent.
A number of presumptive symptoms of pregnancy exist.
He also wrote the oratorio "Judith."
Many chlorinated organic compounds can be polymerized.
Webbed feet enable the platypus to swim well.
The pilotless plane, or drone, is a prime example.
World War Two put a temporary end to nationalist ambitions.
The Parthenon represented the high point in Greek sculpture.
Patristic literature falls into three main periods.
Slope mine access is used where less overburden is present.
Spectacular pageantry accompanies the competitions.
The new Parliament was overwhelmingly royalist.
It must describe the property with reasonable particularity.
By its very existence, the neutrino defines a screw sense.
He became increasingly interested in ornamentation.
The aggregated cells form a multicellular pseudoplasmodium.
The North responded with its own originality.
Farmers bought land by drawing up promissory notes.
Nephrite has a splintery fracture.
Interest in the occult, magic, and astrology was widespread.
American anthropology was influenced by psychoanalytic theory.
Common trees in the oases are tamarisks, date palms and myrtles.
Pandit also held political positions at home.
They include cuttlefish, chambered nautilus, octopus, and squid.
Abolitionist John Brown is buried near Lake Placid.
Preignition leads to a characteristic knocking in the engine.
Both were condemned by the Sorbonne on grounds of obscenity.
The evidence from the historian Josephus is problematical.
Baldness is total or partial loss of scalp hair.
Exposure to polonium is an extreme health hazard.
It was unwritten law, transmitted orally.
The signals can be picked up by any plane equipped with Omega receivers.
The Know-Nothing Party was founded on nativism.
It is one of the principal components of calcite, onyx, and marble.
It resulted in the orphaning of hundreds of thousands of children.
He was an outstanding orator and a prolific pamphleteer.
Basalt rocks contain iron-rich minerals such as olivine or pyroxene.
Gorky has a university and a polytechnic institute.
Pastas can be colored with spinach or beet juice.
Politics vied with war as Lincoln's major preoccupation.
It's powered from a small, pressurized housing dubbed an "igloo."
Berber is spoken in some of the western oases.
They have little or no skin pigmentation.
Initially, fog tends to be patchy and shallow.
The sequences are highly predictable but not necessarily fixed.
Its leaves have segments with oblong or wedge-shaped lobes.
Most species have jaws that protrude into a beaklike snout.
Mattingly cruised in orbit in the CSM Orion.
This Emancipation Proclamation actually freed few people.
Included in this class are phosphatic nodules and manganese nodules.
They studied hysterical neuroses.
Hormonal changes profoundly affect the functioning of the body.
Pompous politicians make the best subjects for editorial cartoons.
It is in the Principality of Andorra.
In Greek mythology, Orion was a famed hunter.
Its shining, pendulous leaves are heart shaped, with long terminal points.
A polyhedron is a three-dimensional figure.
He was a leading parliamentarian during the English Civil War.
The America's Cup is competitive yachting's most prestigious prize.
Each of these was only partially effective.
Light-green and shorter types such as SMR-58 are grown for pickling.
It belongs to the parsley family.
In ancient times, Bahrain was known for its pearling industry.
Psychokinesis is investigated by Parapsychology.
The use of rifling then became practicable in all firearms.
They adopted Durkheim's organismic view of society.
The most distinctive strategy is the use of a silk orb web.
He married a young Macedonian noblewoman.
The groups range from tetrads to large pollen masses called pollinia.
He did his most important work in optics.
Church leaders refused to officiate.
This type of reaction is known as neutralization.
Nitric acid is a strong acid and oxidant.
Coots have plump bodies, short tails, and lobed toes.
Durum wheat is especially suitable for pasta.
Odysseus, however, longed for his home.
He attended Dana College in Blair, Nebraska.
Shakespeare's Olympian genius defies brief description.
The cause of psychopathy is unknown.
Phytogeography is the study of plant geography.
Prostheses have been devised for a few other joints as well.
Some stinkbugs are plant feeders.
The authors' attempts to promote literature and nationhood bore fruit.
Popper examines the mind-body problem.
The most important one is osteoarthritis.
Buddhist priestly intrusion in state affairs provoked a reaction.
Burmese Buddhists perceive themselves as a bastion of Buddhist orthodoxy.
Polysaccharides are natural organic polymers.
The central carbon atom has a completed octet of electrons.
Amniocentesis may be advised in several situations.
The Luminists were more painterly and poetic.
Lenin remained characteristically impatient and optimistic.
Polytheism is the belief in and worship of many gods.
This artistic outpouring was known as the Harlem Renaissance.
Representatives from 14 Orthodox churches agreed.
They were done in red and yellow ochre, outlined in black.
Crystals of the monoclinic system are optically biaxial.
Euthanasia is the act of inducing a gentle, painless death.
Alkaloids are used for the physiological effects they produce.
John was consecrated as patriarch of Constantinople.
All relate mental activity to neurology.
Many people found their puristic speech to be pedantic.
In Roman mythology, she was called Proserpina.
The cells are cylindrical and contain netlike chloroplasts.
Pat Brown was a two-term governor of California.
The cool cacao nib is ground under rotating stones, discs, or rollers.
Juliana abdicated in favor of Princess Beatrice.
North Vietnam's leadership continued to prosecute the war.
Max Reinhardt, a Brahm protege, followed him as director.
The leathery evergreen leaves are ovate to oblong.
The last panther was shot about 1900, but sightings persist.
It interacts with parathyroid hormone.
Later, he spent several years in psychiatric institutions.
An infant's preference for its mother is not present at birth.
Fox openly opposed George the Third during the American Revolution.
Approximately 72 points, or 6 picas, are in an inch.
Clothing was primitive, but they were expert weavers of nettle thread.
Air resistance makes possible the operation of the parachute.
Polecats are long-bodied members of the weasel family.
Iron is abundant and easily obtainable from its ores.
He's an originator and popularizer of behavioral therapy.
The modern Privy Council has about 300 members.
During the Middle Ages, military police were known as provosts.
The Pilgrims preferred Ainsworth's Psalter.
Hercules killed the Nemean lion at a nearby cave.
Cabbage palmetto is a tall tree native to the southeastern US.
Its premiere was a disastrous flop.
It has support among industrial workers and some of the peasantry.
Stories concerning Orion's death vary.
He patronized the arts and founded the Platonic Academy in Florence.
It bears pincerlike jaws and sometimes pedipalps.
He called this paramagnetism.
His targets include ethnocentrism, paternalism, and the status quo.
They created fantasy landscapes populated with nightmarish figures.
The hero Perseus saw her plight, rescued her, and killed the monster.
The novelist should not be partisan, didactic, or obtrusive.
Despite its palatability, there are few commercial plantations.
AC circuits obey Ohm's Law.
Government bureaucracy is an omnipresent fact of life.
Perennials are called "polycarpic."
They grow as rosettes, with flat, oblong leaves.
Kidd was tried for piracy and murder and executed.
Polymerization produces polyvinyl chloride.
The priory church is the only historic building remaining.
Most pontoon bridges obstruct navigation.
He was Chief of Protocol in the Ford administration.
John Wesley and Methodism were profoundly influenced by pietism.
Israel is promised a blessing for obedience.
Arkansas encompasses a picturesque region.
Most prostitutes are women, although male prostitution also exists.
Niobium metal occurs in niobite.
It's a drama of panoramic scope.
Cook also wrote a treatise on tobacco overproduction.
Bronze and iron found their widest use in the paraphernalia of war.
The offset process remains an integral part of modern printing.
The presupposition here is that there is a king of France.
But was it broadened?
Revenue is derived from the sale of postage stamps to collectors.
They are generally slim and Negroid in appearance.
He was best known for his primitivistic sculptural forms.
Pediatricians provide medical care for children.
Estimates of offshore reserves surpass presently known onshore reserves.
Pregnancy is the physiologic process of bearing unborn young.
The Aztecs practiced a polytheistic religion.
Various fetal bones begin to harden, or ossify.
He was a French philosopher and the founder of Positivism.
For instance, many languages lack an orthography altogether.
The Doppler effect is of great importance in optics.
The profane is the opposite of the sacred.
Situated in the Piedmont Plateau, Charlotte is noted for retailing.
Peninsular India is geologically the oldest part of India.
A demolition derby is an offbeat but spectacular sport.
Chemicals and potash are produced nearby.
During the Napoleonic Wars, Buenos Aires was occupied by the British.
The papaw is a small North American fruit tree.
Optimum farm size varies with differing crops and locations.
Pitchblende is the most important of these uranium minerals.
Palpitation is a rapid, forceful, or irregular beating of the heart.
There are three major types of plasmodia.
She insisted on the omission of "obey" from the marriage vows.
Parental consent is obligatory.
Acute cases are characterized by chills, fever, and prostration.
Rochester and Oswego are the major cities on the New York shore.
The small, flesh-eating piranha fish lives in the Amazon River.
Shaka could not gain the obedience of all Zulu.
The Salk vaccine almost eliminated poliomyelitis.
It is distinguished partly by the age of onset.
The Hebrew Bible gives a polemical account of the Canaanite religion.
Rhine concluded that psychokinesis was an established fact.
Philosophy is the disclosure of oneself through communication.
Several types of Gregorian Plainsong are called antiphons.
Known as the Tiger of Manchuria, he occupied Peking.
Modified and enlarged placoid scales have become the teeth of sharks.
Poltergeists are linked to the presence of children.
Other addition polymers are polyvinyl chloride and Teflon.
The patriot leader Ethan Allen is buried in the city.
The red algae are the only phylum that produce no motile cells.
Nitration reactions are for nitration of benzene.
The Pap test is named after its inventor.
Pegasus, who sprang from Medusa's blood, was Poseidon's issue.
Niccolite occurs in Colorado, New Jersey, and Japan.
When the Greeks sacked Troy, Priam was killed by Achilles' son.
Genre paintings captured the optimistic spirit of the times.
The first practical polygraph was devised in 1921.
Winters are long and dark, and summer nights are short.
Rather, it is all-consuming, pointless, and negative.
He was ordained a priest in the Society of the Oratory.
Also present are semiprecious turquoise, agate, jasper, and opal.
Surgery uses operative procedures.
Piebald is black and white.
The purplish or pinkish flowers grow in dense spikes.
Exactly when pastels were first made is not known.
Paleobotany is the study of the geologic history of plants.
These regions contributed 61 percent of the world's newfound gold.
This condition is called neoteny.
Circular and elliptical orbits are closed and periodic flight paths.
Body waves propagate in two phases, as P-waves and as S-waves.
The next major development was the birth of paperback publishing.
These two states have markedly different properties.
In 1819 the omnibus reappeared, again in Paris.
Britain found pacification of the back country difficult.
He became full professor of paleontology.
In overripe fruits, pectin becomes pectic acid and does not gel.
The north is arid, and vegetation is limited to scattered oases.
A trend toward nationalization of industry has taken place.
Bach also wrote outstanding sacred choral works.
This is significant in the filtering function of the nephron.
Prostitution is the sale of sexual services.
These were published posthumously by his pupil and biographer.
The formal structure of most African music is based on the ostinato.
Irradiation produces a series of photochemical reactions.
Each state has different laws concerning osteopathic medicine.
Oceangoing vessels can reach the interior of the continent.
Promethium is one of the fission products of plutonium.
Breeding in most amphibians is correlated with moisture optima.
Transformers are built in single-phase and polyphase units.
Napoleon Bonaparte held the city for three years.
The pistil is the female reproductive structure.
Ordinarily three to five eggs are produced.
"Patent pending" means only that an application has been filed.
Nez Perce National Historical Park has sites in northern Idaho.
Most gems are minerals, though some, such as opal, are mineraloids.
The Trans-Alaska Pipeline passes through the range at Dietrich Valley.
Supernovae such as the Crab Nebula are the dominant source.
Its name derives from the legendary Assyrian hunting hero Nimrod.
Pastoralism dominates.
Common strandlines are those of proglacial and pluvial lakes.
The Malagasy Republic is the major world source of phlogopite mica.
He created polygonal structures with bastions at every angle.
He was made director of the Polarographic Institute.
He was recognized as overlord by the southern English kingdoms.
A negotiable instrument may be transferred from one person to another.
An obit cartoon can make an impact if it is drawn well enough.
The females' eggs overwinter on twigs and hatch in the spring.
This discovery resulted in the development of pasteurization.
It is the major metropolis of the windswept Texas Panhandle.
Airplanes are used to scout scattered shoals of pelagic fish.
Voting was by cities, with representation proportionate to population.
Extrasensory perceptions fall into four main categories.
The poll tax was replaced by a literacy test.
Cyclohexane has a nonplanar configuration.
The early cells create the proximal nail fold, or cuticle.
Protoplasmodia split once they contain several hundred nuclei.
The others are the platen press and the rotary press.
Ossification is the formation of bone tissue.
Many subvolcanic rocks are porphyritic.
The site of attachment may swell painfully and become infected.
He gave Ceylon a neutralist position in international affairs.
Descent is patrilineal, residence patrilocal.
Set in colonial Peru, the book is a narrative of obsessive love.
Their progeny are used to grow new seedlings for reforestation.
Foreign affairs presented an ongoing threat to Elizabeth's security.
He was a psychoanalyst, philosopher, and anthropologist.
Calvin Coolidge's probity helped restore public confidence.
Usually the flowers have chaffy or papery parts.
Special optical properties guarantee its preeminence among gems.
Typical mineral acids are sulfuric, perchloric, and phosphoric acids.
Oxytocin does not effectively induce abortion.
Phonetically, Yiddish is closer to Middle High German than is modern German.
It is a popularization of the theories of Adam Smith.
They bear oblong, deciduous leaves.
The town grew around Paisley Priory.
The pituitary produces several hormones.
The Pied Piper of Hamelin is a figure of German legend.
Of middle-class origin, he was educated at Oxford.
This principle is often called the principle of parsimony.
The contrabassoon sounds an octave lower than written.
A patent covering several countries is obtainable.
European countries eliminated laws requiring primogeniture.
Deborah was a biblical prophetess and a leader of Israel.
Outright theft is not always involved.
Its proximity to the Appalachian coal field is advantageous.
Trudeau regained the premiership in elections held in February.
Hiroshima was founded around a nobleman's castle, now a museum.
Injunctions are of two kinds, prohibitory and mandatory.
All badgers have scent glands which give off offensive odors.
The most populous states are Nigeria, Egypt, and Ethiopia.
Propagation is by seeds sown in rows on raised beds.
The most notable offshoot of rummy is gin rummy, a game for two.
Postgraduate study was little known before World War Two.
The Pawnee tribe numbered 2,000 in 1981.
The Osage lived in wigwam-type mat-covered houses.
Pronouns are noun substitutes.
In Middle English, plural adjectives ended in "e."
The polonaise is a Polish national dance of folk origins.
Coconut palms and plantain trees are also common.
Belluschi practiced in Portland, Oregon.
Gray's persevering "Little Orphan Annie" appeared in 1920.
Temples and statuary as well as a necropolis were found.
Two different geometries, planar and tetrahedral, are possible.
In 16th-century Spain, this sort of hero was called a picaro.
Higher members are solids often called the paraffin hydrocarbons.
Hypochondria is a neurotic concern about the state of one's health.
He died in Ottawa in 1937.
The polity of the Plymouth Brethren is congregational.
The ocelot is found from southern Texas to Paraguay.
The nipple expands to lock the young in place.
The most extensively used nitrate is ammonium nitrate.
Spacecraft can follow four different types of flight paths in space.
Plastic film capacitors use polystyrene as a dielectric.
It is a picaresque account of a crook.
There follows a set of propositions with proofs.
Though penniless and unknown, Franklin soon found a job as a printer.
They called it Oswego tea.
Skinks may be either oviparous or viviparous.
Some plutonic rocks may be porphyritic.
An EEG is painless and harmless.
Analysis would reveal what is affirmed by the proposition.
Paiute and Shoshone Indians were early human inhabitants.
From this legend comes the term narcissism.
Movie cowboy Roy Rogers helped popularize the palomino.
Blue-green algae are plantlike organisms.
It is not enough to guarantee that oppression will be eliminated.
Today only the beautiful coiled Nautilus still exists.
Imbalance causes several physiologic responses.
Osmium is extremely hard and brittle even at high temperatures.
Bird-of-paradise flowers are native to South Africa.
They have been used as catalysts for polymerization.
The bassoon is a double-reed woodwind, the bass of the oboe family.
These were later replaced by oared or towed barges.
International agreements appear to portend future peace.
Urbane Italian designers playfully celebrated the artificial.
B is perpendicular to both E and the direction of propagation.
It was an ominous note.
They challenged the ruling oligarchy of Florence.
Chloroprene readily polymerizes to give neoprene.
The Babylonians were proficient in arithmetic.
In accord with a divine promise, Sarah gave birth to Isaac.
Actors enter and exit on a connecting passageway.
The Landsat evolved from the earlier Tiros and Nimbus systems.
He did much to popularize American Negro plantation culture.
He was a noted American painter and poster designer.
Lowell tried to outdo Pound by translating some ancient Chinese poems.
Visual or olfactory hallucinations occur.
Papago means "bean-eating people" in the Pima language.
Petitioners renounce their former nationality.
The number of platelets can severely decrease.
Impurities during spring induce preferential melting.
The first polder was finished in 1930.
The islands compose Okinawa prefecture.
Edmunds became a great medieval pilgrimage site.
The platypus is about 61 centimeters long.
They include the calcium and sodium salts of propionic acid.
Phosphorites are composed of the mineral apatite.
His descendants became the wealthiest noble landowners in Portugal.
Descent is traced through the paternal line.
The treaty essentially restored the prewar situation.
He was raised to the peerage as Baron Durham.
To this he added a penchant for fine spaces.
The photoconductive surface is given an electrostatic charge.
He had little success as a nightclub performer.
Obadiah is strongly nationalistic.
One parsec is roughly 30 trillion kilometers.
Few expected Lenin's "proletarian dictatorship" to survive.
Radio Nepal broadcasts in both Nepali and English.
It drove out ecclesiastical and private law and prerogative.
The Piers Plowman poems classically represent the Lollard spirit.
The complex includes parks, sculptures, and a riverfront promenade.
Why is the weak interaction so different from all other forces?
His partisanship toward the Allied cause was obvious.
The peasantry was reduced to a servile status.
This technique is known as polarography.
Paraplegia is rarely reversible.
Parry tried to reach it by sledge in 1827.
The company ceased manufacturing newsprint in 1985.
The mutiny played a pivotal role in Anglo-Indian history.
He was an eminent composer of the Neapolitan school.
There, in 1848, he founded the Oneida Community.
He squandered his fortune and died in a poorhouse.
Most authorities would provisionally accept a simplified arrangement.
Onomastics is the linguistic study of names.
Fabricius was murdered by an unhappy parishioner.
Augustine elaborated a Neoplatonist vision.
A skilled surgeon can operate using an ophthalmoscope.
Each problem required painstaking connections and adjustments.
He was an effective organizer and propagandist.
She symbolizes a matriarchal and polyandrous culture.
Nestorian and Jewish communities exist, primarily in the towns.
This style was emotional, passionate, even boisterous.
Bannister became a neurologist.
There is little solid solution between orthoclase and anorthite.
Plovers form the second largest shorebird family.
Sweet-dough pastries are yeast-leavened.
The recitatives are orchestrally accompanied.
Many roads are passable only in the dry season.
If it appears twice, the payoff is double.
Roman Catholicism is professed by 89 percent of the population.
Asia has had a complex orogenic history.
As the rotor turns, the tips pass by a pickup-coil assembly.
The region formed the heart of the Ottoman Empire.
The Pontifical Gregorian University was founded that year.
The pony express route crossed central Nevada.
Some subsist by photosynthesis and by ingesting other organisms.
Only Prudential and Metropolitan Life are larger.
Apollo loved her and gave her the gift of prophecy.
Sexual abuse can also involve children in pornography.
Without Achilles' prowess, the fortunes of the Greeks declined.
Food is stored in starchlike glucose polymers called paramylum.
The caravel superseded the oared galley.
Others move by pseudopodia.
A photometer may be calibrated in units of turbidity.
Will the universe be recreated from this oscillatory universe?
Addison was educated at Oxford.
They signify an omission.
This ratio is denoted by the irrational number pi.
Means of correction include surgery and prosthetics.
Among noteworthy historic sites are Trinity Cathedral and Plume House.
This is what is meant by the term "proximate cause."
Sigmund Freud was trained as a physician and a neurologist.
Leadership of the presidium rotates annually.
The two rulers were soon at odds.
The impulses are carried by motor neurons.
The Penobscot River is Maine's longest stream.
Neptunium is a silvery metal.
Fillmore was pitted against both Democrats and Republicans.
At the time, Gorbachev was the Politburo's youngest member.
The prelude is often used in place of the overture in opera.
This released energy can appear in the form of mesons and photons.
The potency generally dictates the type of labeling necessary.
The psychodynamic theory is based on the writings of Freud.
The ordinary isotope of hydrogen is known as protium.
His father was Odin.
Special emphasis was placed upon pragmatic materialism.
The fuselage bomb bay accommodated a huge offensive load.
She also established an orphanage.
His son Ibrahim Pasha became governor in 1848.
The creation myth expresses the ontological foundations of culture.
With very few exceptions, outboard motors are 2-cycle engines.
The patriarchate of Moscow was established in 1589.
A probate court in Connecticut invalidated the will.
The photovoltaic cell is unique.
Birney polled only about 7,000 votes.
Greece was overrun by the Visigoths.
His work appeared in such magazines as Collier's and Pageant.
Increasing operating pressure increases the productivity.
Vaccination against the disease was introduced by Pasteur.
The next level of prefabrication is the panelized home package.
Bright's disease is an outmoded name for kidney disease in general.
The following year he was named minister without portfolio.
Eventually, power boats would outnumber sailboats by nine to one.
It was lightened in the painterly tradition of Rubens.
The plugs can be removed when a pregnancy is desired.
In the alluvial areas cypress, gum, pecan, bays, and willows grow.
The temple of Athena Nike stands on the Acropolis in Athens.
The word "protean" is derived from his name.
Among the more serious kidney diseases is nephrosis.
They often mimic psychotic states.
Lincoln was an outsider to Washington ways.
The subkingdom Parazoa comprises sponges.
It was followed by William Bradford's "History of Plymouth Plantation."
With such free organum, polyphony may be said to have been born.
It may be an obligatory or optional supplement.
Andorra, like Switzerland, maintains a policy of strict neutrality.
They are washed, graded, and packed in polyethylene bags.
It provoked outrage and widespread mourning.
Rock music helped popularize the freer alternate life-styles of young people.
Nature does not cosset or pamper us.
Spacecraft were optically tracked by special cameras.
He was chief of the Praetorian guard.
It publishes a newsletter and exhibition catalogs.
When annoyed, it discharges an odorous scent from its anal glands.
There are postal laws against obscene materials.
Hexachlorophene can cause neurological damage.
Brachiopods constitute a separate phylum.
His reputation as a skillful negotiator was enhanced over the years.
He was responsible for the design of Newgate Prison.
Most filberts require more than one variety for pollination.
Anorexia nervosa is a psychosomatic disorder.
Enchanter's nightshade is sometimes grown in shady or moist rock gardens.
Outgoing staff members brief the newcomers.
Opal is found in volcanic and sedimentary rocks.
He articulated Newtonian dynamics.
Cambrian continents had a different orientation.
The paca feeds on fruit and other plant materials.
They express nationalistic enthusiasm.
Hearst was the only child of George and Phoebe Hearst.
Phillip was sent to establish a penal colony at Botany Bay.
Nobelium is a transuranium element.
A profusion of commentaries on books of the Bible followed.
First degree murder is characterized by premeditation.
Blepharisma is used in photosensitivity experiments.
The unit of resistance is the ohm.
The pinnacle of small-craft sailing competition is the Olympic Games.
The tubes in the nasopharynx open just above the soft palate.
Volvox is a genus of freshwater, colonial, plantlike protozoa.
Quartz grains form platy and linear structures.
It has schools of theology, oratory, education, and nursing.
He studied acting at New York's Neighborhood Playhouse.
These combine with the antigen to render it physiologically inert.
Many have pronounced physiological effects.
None of these rivers is navigable for any distance.
His openness sometimes created diplomatic problems abroad.
Allen wrote "Treadmill to Oblivion" and "Much Ado about Me."
Wells and springs supply potable ground water.
Diphtheria may paralyze the soft palate and throat.
To constitute actionable negligence, three elements must be proved.
It then interprets such models as theories with predictive value.
Tapestry is another important type of ornamental needlework.
The Presbyterian and Baptist churches have substantial memberships.
Pomology includes the culture of all fruits and nuts.
The next year he returned to Protestantism.
Typhoid fever and cholera proliferate in unsanitary conditions.
Kinship was patrilineal and family management was patriarchal.
Their religion was pantheistic.
Were the roots of polynomial equations the only possible numbers?
Beta scintillation counters use organic phosphors such as naphthalene.
Beta particles are of two types, negatrons and positrons.
The oleaster is hardy in cold climates.
Then, dramatic organizational changes occurred.
Short-term prognosis is improved with corticosteroids.
Psoriasis is usually chronic and difficult to treat.
As the wave goes by, each particle in the medium oscillates.
Phytoplankton includes most photosynthetic members of the plankton.
Beatrice is Dante's guide through Paradise.
His writings attempt to apply Neoplatonism to Christianity.
Paramecium is a genus of single-celled protozoans.
The freshwater planarian flatworm can regenerate.
Chattel notes can be made payable in tobacco.
Virtually all prunes are dehydrated in kilns.
The most important tribes were the Osage, Sauk, Fox, and Missouri.
The prevailing liberal, optimistic mood gradually cooled.
She also made important recommendations in penology.
Two forms of niacin exist.
Nibs may be made of stainless steel, gold, nickel, or ferrous alloys.
This last kind of name, the patronymic, was especially common.
Herschel discovered Titania and Oberon.
Buckwheat flour is used mainly for pancake mixes and buckwheat noodles.
Business failures made Fremont a near-pauper.
Dates are a major product of the oases.
He has written prolifically in the field of economic history.
The European cowslip is a wildflower of the primrose genus.
The valence of nitrogen in a nitride is negative three.
He was best at mythical narration full of exuberant detail.
Nightingale obtained brief nursing training in the early 1850s.
Some polyurethane insulating foams are expanded with Freons.
This has changed to allow more freedom in the modern powwow.
Charles Sanders Peirce is considered the founder of pragmatism.
His career started out more philosophical and pedagogical.
This tree has mostly ornamental use.
Paleobotanists study megafossils.
Phrygian was a language of west central Anatolia.
Their larvae have a narrow neck between the head and prothorax.
One Irish pound equals one hundred pence.
It was of the porcelain type known as soft paste.
Following ordination, they become full members of the community.
Other bone diseases are osteoporosis and gout.
He persuaded many of the Osages to move with him.
A photon is identical to its antiparticle.
Nest parasitism is characteristic of some cuckoos.
As an operatic impressario, Beecham produced more than 60 works.
Leather, paper, and netting may also be embroidered.
Tetracylines are administered orally.
The occupant is then released.
They are neotenic.
He was a Southern populist political leader.
All these rivers are more or less navigable.
The seed is the mature ovule.
Hence, being was the essential quality of which all things partake.
He was a French Catholic novelist, playwright, and polemicist.
Some weapons have become vulnerable to preemptive attack.
The Crimea was made an oblast in 1945.
Malaria is a protozoal disease common in the tropics.
This resulted in operant conditioning.
The oarlock-holding outrigger became a feature of all such galleys.
Nestorianism disturbed religious peace.
It contains rocks of mostly Precambrian to Paleozoic age.
Evans has been a television panelist and commentator.
West of the Oneida lived the Onondaga.
The tissue is the highest organizational level obtained.
He presided over the decay of Ptolemaic Egypt.
Heidegger's chief concern was ontology, or the study of being.
The avocet is a long-legged, long-necked wading bird.
The structure may be reinforced with vertical steel sheet piling.
The self perceives itself as a stream of words, a narration.
He was a minor Corsican nobleman.
Water drawn from new copper plumbing may also be toxic.
Substitution precludes a player's return.
Floor paving took various forms.
Okra is grown for its edible capsule, or seedpod.
Of noble parentage, he became a page at the Portuguese court.
The only established use of niacin is in the treatment of pellagra.
Arsenic occurs in orpiment.
Marriage is frequently polygynous.
His next success was the Lovejoy Plaza fountain in Portland, Oregon.
Playa is Spanish for "shore" or "beach."
Wood sorrel is the name of several plants in the genus Oxalis.
The excretory organ is an absorbing tubule called a nephridium.
This plethora of regimes was produced by many elements.
His namesake became one of the most famous Supreme Court justices.
The bird catches a person's attention by chattering noisily.
Nylon, a polyamide, and Spandex, a polyurethane, contain nitrogen.
The parole board makes the decision after reviewing a prisoner's records.
The oxygen diffuses from the outgoing blood into the incoming blood.
Australian universities are patterned after their British counterparts.
Purely orographic precipitation is probably rare.
More than 30 oceangoing ships can be docked at Mobile's port.
Polyandry is by far the rarer form of polygamy.
Pantheism generally can be traced to two sources.
The indigenous ibex and oryx are threatened with extinction.
The coat is long, profuse, and harsh.
The northern lights are seen in the nighttime sky.
Miracles are regarded as signs of the omnipotence of God.
The main crops include soybeans, orchard crops, and vegetables.
The hair is profuse on the head, forming a topknot.
Persons affected are often obese.
Indian or pompon varieties have the smallest flowers.
Faunal provinciality is another tool of paleogeographers.
A proliferation of ideas has produced successful innovations.
He established Parthian boundaries to the east in present-day Afghanistan.
Preeminent among them was Louis Sullivan.
Examples are cocklebur, chrysanthemum, poinsettia, and morning-glory.
Pseudopodial locomotion is common.
Maryland was a Proprietary Province.
Its port is protected by outlying Mactan Island.
He died of a heroin overdose.
During World War One, he kept Spain strictly neutral.
They are sometimes ovoid, tubular, cube-shaped, or even flat.
A computer operator must find the desired tape.
Porpoises are either entirely black, or black above and whitish below.
Glycogen is an example of a polysaccharide.
As with the JFET, sufficient gate voltage will cause pinch-off to occur.
Surviving grassland animals include pronghorn antelope and coyotes.
He had a lifelong interest in Egyptology and occult literature.
The Pembroke Welsh corgi is a long-cast, short-legged working dog.
Smaller industries include pulp, paper, and plasterboard.
A polygonal region consists of a polygon and its interior points.
His armor was awarded to Odysseus.
Wise leadership negates weaknesses in communications and logistics.
Individual panels are joined by poured-in-place concrete pilasters.
He said he had never talked to Liston.
I had to ride a streetcar two miles.
Once the figure was thirty-thirty.
Something was needed to revive interest.
Serving on the club's board is R. P. Anderson.
I told him who I was and he was quite cold.
Comic Gary Morton signed to play the Living Room December eighteenth.
I am getting dividends on only fifty shares.
Both were under the meet mark.
The Hinckley Gin Supply Company is a maker of overhead equipment.
Did you?
He's been warbling in severe pain.
Mrs. J. Edward Hackstaff and Mrs. Paul Smith are planning a luncheon.
Sprinkle over top of chicken breasts.
Price support loans may total another one billion this year.
Taylor said Mrs. Huntley and her husband will be questioned.
The award was made by Judge Fred B. Perkins.
He is married and the father of three children.
Dr. Clark holds an earned Doctor of Education degree from the University.
Blanche Dunkel has spent twenty-five years here.
Eight men were tried together in U.S. District Court in Anniston.
What ultimately frustrated every challenger was Ruth's amazing surge.
Mrs. Huntley is accused of driving the getaway car.
Division one of the parade will be the service academies.
Saul Hirsch represented the owners.
The left front wheel landed one hundred feet away.
William Martinelli is chairman of the Citizens Group of Johnston.
Chairman C. Richard Mears pointed out that perhaps this was not correct.
They are leaving soon for their new post.
How can you walk Maris to get to Mantle?
You'll probably get a ball bat on the head.
But the Communists aided the Pathet Lao at an even faster rate.
Guests were juniors in the public high schools.
The state's occupation tax is computed on gross sales.
There are about three thousand officers and employees in this class.
The wardrobe for a foreign bomb is a little expensive.
Mrs. Marr also has a number of parolees to mother.
This work is no favorite of mine.
I appreciate beauty.
County Supervisor Weldon R. Sheets is a candidate.
She is the former Judy Chapman.
Despite countless barriers and disappointments, Shea moved forward.
Jim fits that description.
Green works with the ends.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph R. Bolker will give a dinner on Friday.
The Murray Company of Texas, Incorporated, originated in Dallas.
Young Larson is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Larson.
And letters began to come in to this column from irate shareholders.
Then the youths fled with his money.
He then launched into what the issues should be in the campaign.
We worry, say the mothers.
Blue ribbon for one dozen white eggs was taken by Nyberg.
We need mature, experienced men to pioneer or open new churches.
I believe TV watchers will be bored.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Moulton now live on Wilshire.
There will be a pilgrimage to Mount Vernon at two p.m.
So I started practicing on it in spring training.
See that kid?
One might think the problem would be similar.
Merely adequate compensation is no substitute.
Now they go to a high school that is two miles away.
With a small bomb, I tuck it between Cadillacs.
Mrs. Richard Newburger is chairwoman of hostesses.
And there she had her first showing of tapestry work.
Fifteen members of the Republican State Committee are retiring.
But that's hardly realistic.
The payroll tax would actually rise to seven percent starting January.
We subscribe five hundred shares of Morton Foods of Texas.
One victim of the accident was Robert Lee Stansbery, thirty-nine.
Henry L. Bowden was listed on the petition as the mayor's attorney.
The Johnsons told police they left home at eight a.m.
A Southeast Library Workshop will be held here October ninth.
Last October he gave a public speech in Washington, D.C.
Three consecutive pinch-hitters failed to produce.
They have five daughters.
Governor Vandiver is expected to make the traditional visit to both chambers.
I tell people what I think.
The first two pilots had crashed, he said.
Varani has been fired on charges of accepting gifts from the contractor.
It dealt mainly with a broad range of East-West issues.
The judge replaced the juror with an alternate.
Judge John B. Molinari was named chairman of the executive committee.
Work resumed Wednesday, he said.
Representative Kowalski has brought this problem to our attention.
Willie's partner was Long Jim Barnes, who tried to keep count.
Cocktails will be served from six to seven p.m., with dinner.
He was taken to University Hospital in a municipal ambulance.
He spoke from his experience of two years.
Even that isn't satisfactory.
When Missouri's Clarence Cannon got the word, he turned purple.
Vincent Sorrentino was founder and board chairman.
Farm machinery dealer Bob Houtz tilted back in his chair.
That was before I studied law.
But why was Laos the new Southeast Asian battleground?
Charles Reynolds of Pumpkin Ridge was rabbit showmanship champion.
State representatives decided Thursday against taking a poll.
Her husband was lying on the kitchen floor, police said.
Virdon has been blasting the ball.
Five candidates seek the place vacated by Secretary Hugh G. Stout.
He has the best defense against passes.
The event will be open to the public the following day.
Something has gone wrong some place.
She gained her second straight victory.
The board members heard the coordination plea from Mrs. Ralph Jones.
Bill White should be ready.
Mrs. Reese entered ten past bake-offs before she got into the finals.
House Speaker Sam Rayburn called the Kennedys.
There were four principal ones.
Karns' ruling pertained to eight of the ten cases.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Brown will return next week from Bermuda.
The rule was enforced by the demand of Senator Wayne.
The couple was married August second.
In addition, Mr. and Mrs. Allan Goodman are controllers.
Mr. Brooks was born in New York, and came to Portland.
A copy was released to the press.
Mr. Patrick was taken to a nearby Johnston physician.
There are only three standard models: Buick, Chrysler, and Mercury.
Louise Franklin cornered the gift shop market in Lauderdale.
The fabrics have Scotchgard finish to resist soil and wrinkles.
The senators unanimously approved the bill.
These contend there is a serious question.
Place kicking is largely a matter of timing, Moritz declared.
The opening session of the five-day session will begin at ten a.m.
The trial had packed the large courtroom for more than a week.
Mrs. Hamm will not come from Vero Beach.
But today he wanted to make a public statement.
The Skipjack became the fastest submarine ever built.
A reception was held at the church.
They are now working together toward solving their difficulties.
The arrest of Mr. Parker marks the third charge of wrongdoing.
Mr. Simpkins is a resident of Somerset county.
Cafe Society opens formally this afternoon under its new ownership.
He steered me to the right track, the free enterprise track.
The panel's action depends on the return of James W. Trimble.
He selects queries of general interest to answer.
After Cuba and Laos, it was argued.
The fashion show will have Mrs. John Newbold.
The pace of the talks has slowed with each passing week.
Mantle's hero was Joe DiMaggio.
The Belgians needed carpenters and mechanics.
Bake slowly about one hour until lightly brown.
They export also.
Labor remained a commodity.
Only Jones asked for bail.
A note making the request was handed to the ambassador.
He birdied the 13th, the 15th and the 18th.
He was called upon twenty-six times.
Students help out, he said.
A normal year's work in college is thirty semester hours.
The bridegroom's children were here for the Christmas holidays and can't return.
It's kind of like golf.
He is publicly on record as believing Mr. Smith.
This is the great edge the two Yankees have going for them.
Then Throneberry rapped into a fast double play.
Thirteen, said Long Jim.
That, too, will fail.
The Reverend T. F. Zimmerman was reelected.
He is not interested in being named a full-time director.
Each had been shot in the back several times with a twenty-two caliber pistol.
Williams is a defensive coach.
He will be succeeded by Ivan Allen Jr.
The watch was valued at $200 and the earrings at $80.
Without dissent, senators passed a bill by Senator A. R. Schwartz.
A favorite is Norman Norelli, however.
The dead youth was identified as Robert E. Sims.
He would come home in the evening tired and discouraged.
I'm hopeful.
This acquisition is a matched, perfect set.
This is Baseball 1961.
Election came on the nominating ballot.
That death occurred at five p.m. Friday and was reported Sunday.
St. Louis was to be in action again today.
Secretary Goldberg and Senator Morse will hold a joint press conference.
Everybody had heard of Van Gogh, the French impressionist.
The juror said the masked men had advised him to be lenient.
The bus was burned outside Anniston.
The Troop is proud of its camping-out program.
He was not going to Vienna to negotiate.
Dr. Clark will succeed Dr. J. R. McLemore.
Superintendent Clarence Taylor had recommended Roger Appleton.
The Government also is aiding farmers' income prospects.
Both have been active in the association.
But DiMaggio never said a word.
The esplanade eliminates Grovers Avenue.
Six of these were proposed by religious groups.
There are two more Sunday afternoons when the situation will arise.
They know the value of being just ordinary.
Survivors include two brothers.
Mr. Wendell Jr. will be best man.
Mr. Khrushchev is known to rely heavily on his instincts.
I bought a new little foreign bomb.
It made him human.
He was a member of the Baptist church.
There was only one power control.
Irene's suits rate high because they're designed for her long-bodied silhouette.
Jensen got only six hits in forty-six at-bats.
Anti-trust laws became the greatest protection for monopolies.
And that is just what happened on the last few holes.
All five pleaded innocent.
Mantle has kept the vow.
In thirty-five years we have opened seven thousand churches.
This knowledge has come in handy, too.
Getting to and from school was no problem.
About seventy-five people appeared at that time.
Georgia's Dick Russell objected politely, and the battle was joined.
He was particularly struck by a course on Communist brainwashing.
Stengel will receive the Ben Epstein Good Guy Award.
Mrs. Oliver is the mother of five children.
Mr. and Mrs. Anderson were entertained at dinner on Sunday.
We sold only four pickers all last year.
I'm willing to stake my political career on it.
Toys will not be collected at firehouses this year.
Mr. Kennedy was less troubled by that possibility.
Richard J. Hughes made his Morris County debut.
Patrolman James F. Simms said he started in pursuit.
Mr. and Mrs. Merrill Shoup have returned to their home in Colorado.
With the machinery went a complete design for the hull.
The social security payroll tax is now six percent.
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced yesterday.
There is a wave of public resentment against corruption.
The principal of the school announced it today.
Mantle, beyond any question, can do more things well.
St. Louis University found a way to win a baseball game.
Here and there the Chicago Press club will fete George E. Barnes.
The episode tended to confirm the U. S. belief.
He came all the way around on Gardner's hit before five thousand fans.
The anti-trust laws were weak.
Dallas and Fort Worth can vote bonds.
The positions of all parties and leaders were constantly shifting.
He double-bogeyed the 13th.
The dinner will be held at the Hotel Pierre.
Not all sections are showing an upswing, however.
A number of scattered ayes and noes was heard.
Chaplin was seventy when the Soviet boss visited.
But Player was only one stroke back, with a sixty-nine.
Oxnard, California, will be the home of the Reverend Roberts.
In 1958, the Birds were three for ten on May first.
The contract called for overhauling all of the joints.
The name is a pseudynom.
You take out of circulation many millions of dollars.
All contributions will be acknowledged.
Harvey B. Stevens of Kenilworth will give his niece in marriage.
Mary Dobbs Tuttle was back at the organ.
The disagreement was over what Dr. Jenkins had previously said.
Mr. Wall is a student at Tulane university.
Mantle is not normally given to public speaking.
We are now witnessing an effort to transfer Mr. Mitchell.
Guests from across the U.S. honor Dr. Swim.
There are motels for all purposes and all tastes.
What kind of car is it? he asked gloomily.
Mantle covers more ground.
I had exactly ten minutes to get down to the test strip.
She's a whiz.
All for fourteen dollars at the Boxwood Motel in Winchester, Virginia.
A few of these people are still around.
His condition was said to be fair.
Place side by side in a two-inch deep baking pan.
Thomas was charged with four counts of assault and battery.
She accused him of ignoring her.
The boys had a tremendous respect for each other's ability.
They honored the battling Billikens last night.
What does 1961 offer?
Net income may reach six billion, up one billion from 1960.
In the U. S., strong pressures have been building up.
We needed it and we got it.
New highs for the year totaled nine and new lows fourteen.
Now, the picture is clouded.
Check the oil and water, sir?
Mr. Hawksley said he was not critical of city residents.
Monday, he had four Longhorns in the top.
It will be painted to match the paneling in the room.
Mrs. Pankowski, sixty-one, remained in Holy Cross Hospital.
But he was convinced of the realities of power.
Adams succeeds Martin Burke, who resigned.
If W. W.'s retiring soon, as hinted, he ain't talking.
But Mr. Buckley seems to have assumed he would have given that.
I would expect the proposed committee to hold public hearings.
I'm useless for anything but racing cars.
The ball went off in a majestic arc, an out-of-bounds slice.
Mrs. Stephens asked again that the board join in taking a stand.
Mrs. Roger Mead is head of the luncheon table decorations.
Increasing opposition can be expected in coming weeks, it was indicated.
But it might give way shortly to another vexing issue.
Dr. Hester was also one of the youngest men.
This resulted in a great number of errors.
But Jackie had gone into the station.
But we couldn't really get along without it.
He boomed a 300-yard drive.
The climate ranges from the steamily equatorial to the temperate.
They will live in Corpus Christi.
Anderson's wife and four children live in Miami.
It is like handing a loaded forty-five automatic to an eight-year-old.
And that's meant as a boost, not a knock.
The current monthly payroll comes to about fifteen million dollars.
If you're a good ballplayer, you've got to get mad.
I wasn't sure there were such people anywhere in the world.
But there never is any need.
The state can appeal, but few think it will.
The bridegroom is the son of Mrs. James Baines of Los Angeles.
The present recovery movement will gather steady momentum.
Apparently Fellini caught the crowd when its parties had begun to pall.
Mr. Ball was a house painter.
Survivors include his sister, Mrs. Emma B. Odom of Atlanta.
Wagner said the city paid only $37,000 to the Hughes company.
All bounced.
He had been driven by a companion.
Mr. Killingsworth was a foreman with J and J Cafeteria.
Polls will be in the water office.
The women's committee of Saint David's Church will hold its annual Fair.
Neither Mantle nor Maris is totally devoted to baseball.
The Reverend Richard Freeman of Texas City officiated.
The verdict came three hours later.
Each of the four wayward shots cost him two strokes.
What he did, Mr. Werner said, was manual labor.
The letter, dated February 2nd, was delivered to Premier Khrushchev.
Family Service has helped hundreds of families in this area.
A few of them said they preferred contemporary art.
Two Americans and seven Cubans were executed by firing squads.
He played a splendid first nine holes.
Today, she was in Detroit.
He began the diplomatic discussions.
Guests will be treated to Gulf Coast scenic effects.
East Providence now has no civil defense program.
Shea was born in Manhattan.
I know they will be good.
The Texas Aggies got a day off Monday.
C. Wheeler Barnes of Denver is head of the Scottish Rite.
The history of the U.S. potato chip industry is colorful.
Only the families and a dozen close friends will be present.
Out went letters to sixty thousand old grads, asking for suggestions.
That made up for the best motel in Norman, Oklahoma.
Certain people must have known about it.
A reception and tea followed.
To accomplish this would necessitate some changes in methods, he said.
Her mother is the former Miss Stella Hayward.
In its ruling, the state Board of Education upheld Dr. Michael.
Caldwell's resignation had been expected for some time.
Among the witnesses were Edward J. Lee, director.
Patrolman Robert Nunes, who investigated, said the thieves broke in.
Guests will wear costumes typical of the Chisholm Trail Days.
For ten years he enjoyed his power on the Rules Committee.
The committee's chairman is in charge of the redecoration.
Last week at the Masters Palmer and Player did.
Mrs. Thomas Jordan selected a black taffeta frock.
They had a loving touch.
Mr. Schaefer also recommended the snow emergency route plan.
They all are of Wayne.
The gas station man sighed unhappily.
Mr. and Mrs. Phil G. Abell are chairpersons for the Saledo trip.
The new president is 37 year-old Dr. James Hester.
Both turned in top jobs for the second straight game.
Have you ever sampled the exotic?
Just our luck, exclaimed Stram.
She served one four-year term on the national committee.
In 1930, they began making cotton processing equipment.
Harvey criticized Mrs. Peck.
Mr. Martin sold twenty-one tractors in August.
Among those with reservations is William A. Thompson.
Miss Eileen Grant is spending several weeks visiting in Florida.
Mr. Hawksley believes that East Providence could use two more rescue trucks.
The marriage will be quietly celebrated in early February.
I had to stand up, with the ladies.
Governor James appointed Lloyd L. Simpkins.
Mr. Martinelli said yesterday that the Citizens Group of Johnston will meet.
A small reception will follow in the Oak Park Arms hotel.
The latter two are half-brothers.
John received a promotion in his firm.
One factor was the statement of Senator J. W. Fulbright.
Mrs. H. J. Grinsfelder is chairperson.
Reputedly it could outrun, underwater, the fastest destroyers.
Is record of brutality had touched the national conscience.
They live on Miles Drive.
His goal was to obtain a National League team for this city.
He called the proprietor of the shop.
They were both discouraged, disgusted and miserable.
He could terminate special sessions of the Legislature.
Mr. Simpkins made a name for himself.
The last doorman that saw me do that should calm himself.
The campaign leading to the election was not so quiet, however.
The courts, by interpretation, emasculated the act.
To better Ruth's mark, neither needs a spectacular September flourish.
Palmer, meanwhile, had been having his troubles.
Scores of Cranston children will be remembered.
Willie's lifetime batting average is eleven points beyond Mickey's.
It was probably man's first successful flight in a missile.
They were the suffragettes and they wanted to vote.
Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. Ferris M. Gay.
And I bum tickets to everything I can, she said.
I'm not afraid to tangle with the Republican nominee.
But he insisted that it be housed in a special museum.
Practice helps you to get your timing down.
Emory is affiliated with the Methodist Church.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Heinze are entertaining Mr. Walter Lehner.
He was born in Pittsboro, Mississippi and was a veteran.
She said the jurors agreed that Pohl's confession was valid.
She lives in Wellsville, Missouri.
The solution, naturally, is the bus.
Choice was expected, and the selection had been expected.
Mrs. Marr is the first contact a Skid Row figure talks to.
In fact he seemed delighted to get rid of them.
Still, I don't wish to appear happy at somebody else's misfortune.
He in turn told her she demanded too much.
Of course I've had the best.
He was a member of Harmony lodge, Number Twelve.
Nelson played magnificent football, Meek praised.
And the third time was the charm.
His condition was reported to be fair.
All Dallas members voted with Roberts, except Representative Bill Jones.
Maris purchases one hundred dollar suits from Simpson's in New York.
Prior to that he was associated with Long Island University.
Palmer's dozen were honestly earned.
Mitchell employs a total of about four hundred people.
Maris led the team to victory.
Drawers and cabinets in two bedrooms and a sewing room were ransacked.
Models will be Mrs. Samuel Baird and Mrs. Williams.
College teachers in Texas are not required to have the Education courses.
Finalists from the county's east end failed to place.
Being at the polls was just like being at church.
It's very chic to drive foreign cars.
Mr. Bolker heads a group within the building and development industry.
Mr. Wendell and his bride will live in his Lake Forest house.
All these kind of things weaken us, Perlman said.
He said the assailant was armed with a forty-five caliber automatic.
This had never been done before.
Seeking this two-year term are James Culbertson and Dwight M. Steeves.
The Lummus Cotton Gin Company has a sales and service office.
He proposed grants of an unspecified sum for experimental hospitals.
Changes in address are noted.
He attacked one of the officers and was restrained.
I'm a missionary.
He also admitted killing the man.
It is followed by Cain Street and Piedmont Avenue.
American Stock Exchange prices enjoyed new life.
Performers include a company of forty dancers.
Sometimes there weren't even any seats.
Afterward, Albert Gore summed it up for newsmen.
Gas station people are very debonair about small cars.
The man stuck the nozzle in the gas tank.
Nobody except Charlie Coe was thinking of Charlie Coe.
The decoration will be presented by the Italian consul general.
Write to the fund's custodian bank.
He declined to name the three.
They've occupied a twenty-two acre site since the early 1900's.
He kids his Tarzan roles more than anyone.
Trooper J. A. Douglas spotted the wanted car.
They've been in Dallas since 1921.
She flew beautifully, said Fiedler.
In Laos, the picture was almost equally bad.
You're wrong, said Arnold, a man who knows the rules.
A check for $4,000 represented the last payment.
He promptly went to communist East Germany.
In addition, Dr. Clark has studied at Rhode Island State College.
The mayor's present term of office expires January first.
Cotton Belt Gin Service, Incorporated of Dallas makes gin saws.
They, on occasion, posed as addicts and peddlers.
Thompson is one of those names known to the stewards.
The Stacy Company makes cleaning and drying equipment for sale.
Some nations disagreed, however.
Gordin manufacturing operations are in Lubbock.
I'll die rich.
The Beadles formerly lived in Lake Forest.
American League expansion created, inevitably, weaker teams.
Kowalski has spoken but little since the fire last Saturday.
He gives credit for the promotion to his new outlook on life.
But it also briefly suggested the possibility of a meeting.
Tires OK?
Cable confirmation, it said translated.
They are James J. Delaney of Queens and Thomas P. O'Neill Jr.
Raymond E. Killingsworth, seventy-two, died Sunday.
But if they show self-restraint, they don't get the orders.
Mrs. Benington admired Gordon's spirit.
Shea's efforts figure prominently in the new stadium.
The victim was beaten when he attempted to stop the bandit.
The plan does not cover doctor bills.
We are keeping a number of surprises under our hats.
Incidentally, only two did it before a home audience.
It could become an acute problem in the coming fiscal year.
She'll move to Gotham after years in Paris.
Get much mileage?
Ritchie walked up to him at the magazine stand.
These are the board's minutes.
It crushed Mickey.
The proposal was made by Dr. David S. Jenkins.
Mrs. John Charles Cotty is chairwoman of publicity for the country fair.
Ginghams and calico will be popular dress for the women.
But no one was overly optimistic.
It is hard to blame them for this.
That's Yogi Berra's kid.
Watch for a headline from this pair any time now.
D. D. will pop up with Chief Milt Rackmil.
The law could not suspend economics.
That is where we go in the good old summertime.
Lien payments involved Huff's attorney.
But to the families it serves, their help cannot be measured.
We must justify our heritage.
That's our boy Bill.
In the past such government claims have been found exaggerated.
Some viewed this attempt as evidence.
The government's short-term borrowing costs rose.
Last night the Mayor visited Mr. Buckley at the Bronx leader's home.
Mr. Simpkins will move into the post being vacated by Mr. Thomas.
Mrs. Mary Self knows more than any other person.
They'll start lessons, too, pronto.
They export cotton ginning machinery.
Four parties are given a year.
A family worship service will follow the program at eight p.m.
I've had it, he told a newsman.
Honors that have come to Greer Garson are countless.
Some schools were technical.
It was there that the two accused civil servants were at work.
Dr. W. B. I. Martin officiated.
No, said he, but officials still called him evasive.
Wexler has denied repeatedly that coercion was used in questioning.
December second is the deadline for Mrs. Geraghty's return.
Most of the fire was directed by Cotten against Dallas.
The nuns there do a wonderful work, the President commented.
It's one of our town's worthiest charities.
Mrs. Harry K. Cohen is chairman of this phase.
It is the first in a series of five productions.
He hooked the next two out of bounds on the opposite side.
He should be getting back in the groove before long.
I'm angry.
The first committee meeting will be held on May nineteenth.
Petitions asked for a jail term for Norristown attorney Julian W. Barnard.
The Mustangs don't play this week.
This day Palmer had started first.
The pretty coeds must have ogled him all day long.
I don't work for the Government, the American said.
Battalion Chief Stanton M. Gladden is the central figure.
In the past the club depended largely on Van Brocklin's aerials.
Heating is by individual gas-fired, forced warm air systems.
Also the department of justice building is located here.
At the workshop, Mrs. Schenk will discuss the board.
Mr. Smith has agreed to do a portrait of the family.
The corporation was formed by the Reynolds Metal Company.
The Brevard group of eighty arrived at the Gallery at six p.m.
The Tax Court rejected this view.
There is more decadence on 77 Sunset Strip.
He bogeyed the tenth.
The committee remains unresponsive.
He was in Baptist Memorial hospital.
Mr. Martinelli explained that there should be more than enough signatures.
The bride was given in marriage by her father.
The response from London, Paris and Bonn was favorable.
Our pitching is much better than it has shown.
They distribute equipment in eleven states.
After all, this year's movies are next year's television shows.
He will take over his new post January first.
Chicken Cadillac uses one 6-ounce chicken breast for each guest.
It was during Old Music at the St. James Theater.
But E.G.T. could not let the Swiss bank have even ten shares.
We've been working for weeks.
The Continental Gin Company began operations in Dallas in 1899.
Human labor was exactly that, a commodity.
There wasn't a bit of trouble.
Mary decided she had had enough.
Kennedy opposes any widespread relief from a High Court depletion ruling.
Swisher has won both of his starts.
He retired in 1958.
It was first believed the bomb was rigged to the car's starter.
That's the way I am, he says.
On September sixth, the Kretchmer rescued the crew of a trawler.
The game opened a busy week for Washington.
Dr. Clark has served as teacher and principal in Oklahoma high schools.
That limit has now been reached.
It's much more complex than that.
He thus kept his hands free for any action after January.
His offices are in Springfield, Missouri.
He was uninjured.
Mrs. Alice Reese is wife of an engineer and a mother.
The long crisis in Laos neared a showdown today.
The Vagabonds are on the road again.
Player immediately proceeded to follow suit.
It was defeated in Congress last year.
Mrs. Arthur Loeb is making arrangements for a reception.
Martin called for patience on the part of Americans.
Mrs. Huntley was held on $20,000 bond in Phoenix.
Miss Murphy was born in Placentia, Newfoundland.
But thus far there has been no response in kind.
But they shouldda brought in Tokyo, too, added Old Scrapiron.
A rule on the Federal deductibility of state taxes is contested.
He wanted to buy time to strengthen the United States.
He said he favors wage increases for workers.
Colorado has a two percent sales tax.
In Cuba, the U. S. had blundered badly.
She is state chairman for the New Mexico Cancer Association.
Attorney General Joseph Nugent appeared for the state.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry D. Harkness, Jr. have returned.
Mrs. Reese baked her cookies for the third time.
Two tax revision bills were passed.
Survivors are his widow, Alice and a son, William.
Old and new briefly crossed paths in the U.S. Senate.
Dollar bills skidded off my hands and they tipped their caps politely.
Maris's hero was Ted Williams.
Neither was seated on the jury.
Dumont spoke on the merit of having an open primary.
Mrs. H. E. Godwin will entertain the members of her Book Club.
It was another Big Four summit session at Paris.
Mrs. Eleanor Kowalski, forty-two, died yesterday afternoon.
I can't run.
We've tried them out on the club chef.
This was the first word from Jensen on his sudden walkout.
It will be preceded by luncheon in the Teter House.
The young couple live in Pasadena.
Mitchell was for using it.
The courts shared the opinion of the employers.
It has to be easier with two of them.
This is a poor boy's bill, said Chapman.
The workshop will begin at ten a.m. and end at three p.m.
Dip in melted butter and roll in flour.
I bought fifty shares of Diversified Growth Stock Fund.
The esplanade would feature pedestrian bridges over roads in the project.
And where is home, that magic place of the heart?
What do the pretty girls like on their plates?
Barnett is not expected to be able to withstand the pressure.
His spare time is spent in soaring gliders.
He assured Mr. Martinelli and the council.
Their father is Charles B. Armour.
She has to have at least one car herself.
Kelsey is very doubtful for the Rice game, Meek said.
Every person will choose his own doctor and hospital.
The Hartsfield home is on East Pelham Road.
Second grand prize of $5,000 went to Mrs. Oliver.
Funeral services will be at two p.m. Tuesday at Blanchard's Chapel.
I had developed the machines and therefore knew them.
No comments by the United States.
Sustaining members may sign up at twenty-five dollars.
By his own confession, Maris is an angry young man.
He has been living under a cloud ever since.
Local authorities credited the men with saving the girl's life.
Mrs. Greenfield is president of the Westfield Women's Republican Club.
He knocked down the interference and made key stops lots of times.
Mr. Simpkins was graduated from the University of Maryland.
It is possible that I over-corrected, he said ruefully.
Two were in the same band ten years ago.
And what leadership a proud Mantle has given so far.
I'm a slob, he announced.
Assisting as chairwoman of various committees is Mrs. Alvin Bloom.
Mr. Hawksley said yesterday he would be willing to go.
Perhaps to some their work does not seem particularly vital.
Factory operations are in Columbus, Georgia.
Their heights are not, that is.
He is apt to rear back and claim his rights.
But it seems that this electronic brain wasn't programmed correctly.
This year-to-year decline for Dallas County closely follows the national trend.
The target was Allied Shipping.
I've been here so many times I couldn't count them.
The Service has not said what its next step will be.
Charitable deductions come in for closer scrutiny by the I.R.S.
I'll write what you tell me to.
An assistant attorney general is directed to investigate.
Mr. Nixon, for his part, would oppose intervention in Cuba.
News of Rayburn's commitment soon leaked out.
Police said the children's mother, Mrs. Eleanor Somerville, was visiting.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Marella announce the engagement of their daughter.
Authorities have not regarded this as their responsibility.
Mr. Giorgio was uninjured.
The couple will honeymoon in Sequoia National Park, California.
Consumer spending edged down in April after rising for two months.
A hearing was set for three a.m. Tuesday.
That's how he first won the Masters in 1958.
We want to find out who knew about it, Pratt said.
She likes his classic chemise.
This is not an isolated example.
Elected to the board of directors was Elios P. Anderlini.
But Mr. Kennedy had become convinced.
Jump off is tomorrow night when the Packs meet St. Louis.
Designs of parts were sought.
They started on the 4th hole.
It's so quiet, he said, so slow, and serene.
Miss Burke will arrive in December also.
Player won only one.
I've become the greatest beggar in the world.
My car gulped twenty gallons without even wiping its mouth.
The three leaders of Laos agreed today.
A year later they were four for thirteen.
That something was the home run.
Mrs. A. Voorhees Anderson entertained at a luncheon at her home.
The hand is out.
In private life, Miss Garson is Mrs. E. E. Fogelson.
Mr. and Mrs. James Janssen announce the birth of a daughter.
Requests must be mailed in by December fifth.
Its boundaries had nothing to do with geography or ethnic groupings.
When you're playing like that you'd better attack.
The hull was also a result of almost a decade of work.
Mayor William B. Hartsfield filed suit for divorce from his wife.
Mrs. Edward App will entertain the members of her Book Club.
More than one thousand were said to have been arrested.
The tie was against Southeast Missouri last Friday.
Player was the first to feel its teeth.
Mrs. Dunkel admitted the slaying.
He was taken to the hospital by the North Providence ambulance.
The President announced Thursday the appointment of David L. Hackett.
This would help the little peanut districts.
Same thing, he said.
He was not seated on the jury.
The Pirates showed they could outclass the field last year.
Members of the committee include Mrs. Milton Bernet and Mrs. Clinton.
Mr. Kennedy told Moscow he would give his answer by May.
They try to play baseball the best they can.
President Walter Ashley was summoned back for cross-examination.
The consumer is uncertain about economic conditions.
The Texans have two more road games.
Two years ago Thompson offered his collection to the city.
Meyer sent him to Reading, Pennsylvania.
Cecil Mason of Hartford, Connecticut, was best man.
No plunkers for him.
He did not say by how much.
The wife of convicted bank robber Lawrence G. Huntley was arrested.
But instead of delivering the rations they stalled.
It can only rebound to Mr. Hughes' discredit.
I never did miss one in a playoff game.
Kennedy, through Secretary-designate of State Dean Rusk, declined.
Patrolman G. E. Hammons said the car evidently slid out of control.
Those who backed a similar plan last year hailed the message.
Riverside residents would go to the Seekonk assembly point.
Bob Jones played that way.
Corporate abuses were attacked.
The missiles were to be armed with an underwater bomb.
Salt and pepper each breast.
I'm ruddy lazy, and I'm getting on in years.
Mr. Hawksley said he believed there are a number of qualified cities.
The industry has said 1960 was a poor year.
The suite has been in the same family since the early 1800's.
Sheriff Felix Tabb said the ordinary apparently made good his promise.
Officials estimated the combined programs would cost five million dollars.
Some academic statesmen as were consulted.
Skorich began his new job auspiciously today.
That's because he already has kicked fourteen extra points in fifteen tries.
Mr. Delaney and Mr. O'Neill are not willing to vote.
Play me.
So he wound up with a dozen.
The ball floated downstream.
Each is a complete ballplayer.
My father walked, through two miles of snow, in Illinois.
Appeals were heard for two days two weeks ago.
Actually they were helpless to do anything about the nationwide policy.
Other workshops will be in Tallahassee October fifth.
Hughes supported Governor Meyner's Green Acres plan.
His petition charged mental cruelty.
The population of the Congo is ten million.
Buster would solve that quarterback problem just as we head that way.
More than a streak had ended.
Headquarters is in Birmingham, Alabama.
Mrs. Theodore Thomas is vice chairwoman of the committee for the gala.
My taste is gaudy.
Circuit Judge Paul R. Cash did not set a date for sentencing.
The United States Government pays for all its overseas workers.
The present crop of small cars is enriching American humor.
Both are good, daring fielders.
The prospects look great.
It's a British bomb.
Trading was comparatively dull throughout the day.
Hughes said that this was not a plan to conquer space.
Mr. and Mrs. George Treadwell will be honored at a Family Week.
The problem must be faced squarely.
Gus Ehlers is a competitor of Mr. Holtz in this farm community.
It has been billed as a towering monument to immorality.
But Mr. Kennedy saw value even in an informal meeting.
He's mad at the world.
But there are reasons for the current spotlight on the subject.
His highest count of supporters numbered seventy.
It is a killer sub.
Friday's letters asked for a November fifteenth meeting.
Hypocrisy thus becomes the answer to a foolish public policy.
Actually, Davis would have to toss in the towel soon anyway.
The former county school superintendent, George P. Callan, shot himself.
President Eisenhower held an eight a.m. meeting.
It happened on the twelfth hole, a one hundred and fifty-five-yarder.
The windshield looks pretty clean.
The bill's defenders were mostly small-town legislators.
The week went along briskly enough.
The announcement came after a period of sharp deterioration.
But we have lots of other New Orleans specialties.
There is no such thing as an emergency telephone building fund drive.
Those illustrated are reminiscent of a circus top or a merry-go-round.
How many is that, Jim?
She kept reiterating her request.
The district office here employs about sixty-five.
The company began operations with hardware and oil mill supplies.
I'm sure you've heard of him and his record, The Confederacy.
They have a son, William Berry Jr., and a daughter.
The old man was almost too possessive.
A special presentation was made to Mrs. Geraldine Thompson of Red Bank.
Pohl received the verdict without visible emotion.
They would still be paid by the patient.
Robert Lovelace and Cedric Burgher Jr. seated guests.
The Eagles signed him for Shaw's staff in 1959.
Nor were there any rules to save him.
But the result of it all was futile.
Quite clearly the anti-trust laws are neither effective nor rational.
Mr. and Mrs. Jerry Chase announced the birth of a daughter.
Boyer is suffering from a stiff neck.
The record books, however, would favor the Giants' ace.
Before hitting the pole, Mr. Stone's car brushed against a car.
Patricia now attends the C. Melvin Sharpe Health School in the District.
Both have blue eyes and short blonde hair.
Mr. Sorrentino will be honored on the evening of December seventh.
Pohl could receive from one to fifteen years in prison or probation.
Send me where I can play.
The passage of the Sherman Act was aimed at giant monopolies.
At four p.m. the President left the White House.
That meeting produced the spirit of Camp David.
Doyle cannot undertake to reply to inquiries.
That will be two dollars, said the gas station man.
Maris is in line for a big raise.
U. S. willingness to accept a neutral Laos may have helped.
John E. Mitchell began work in Dallas in 1928.
This is an area nearly as large as Western Europe.
In 1922, the United Mine Workers struck.
No, said the official.
Starts were down twenty percent from 1959.
I was an art major in college, Miss Baldrige explained.
Mantle is considerably better hitting.
An injury forced Skorich to quit after the 1948 season.
Survivors include a son, Charles R. Fergeson.
He just lay back there and waited for it, Meek said.
The week will end with the Reverend Henderson preaching.
It's a British Austin, the smallest they make.
He indicated that requests would be made for more U.S. arms.
What do you and Mickey talk about at home?
To an extent, the two even look alike.
It called for a change in pitchers.
You must play it where it lies.
Congress starts another week tomorrow.
With a foreign car you must wear a cap.
He was a stickler for rules.
He skips around from jazz to blues to boogie.
And he caused the fumble that set up our touchdown.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephen M. Johnson reported the theft.
They decided that they thought Rembrandt's self-portrait made him look sad.
When police arrived the man was still violent, Slate said.
The Cen-Tennial Gin Supply Company has home offices here.
Totaling four thousand, sales jumped fourteen percent over February.
The tract is bounded by Island Avenue and Dicks Avenue.
Charlayne studied journalism at Detroit's Wayne State University.
The Mayor that it hadn't come from him.
Mr. Trimble has been in the hospital but is expected back Tuesday.
The rate a week ago was 2%.
You must also wear a car coat.
It was ruled a difficult chance and a hit.
Factories are located here and in Prattville, Alabama.
Hardwicke-Etter Company of Sherman makes a full line of gin machinery.
The continued operation of this program depends on having his service.
I can't throw.
Services will be at three p.m. Monday.
The housing bill is now in the House Rules Committee.
The land lies ready for the coming onslaught.
He had a sixteen.
Herbert Heilman is in town for a day.
The election will be December fourth from eight a.m. to eight p.m.
But he warmed up after a while.
It urged that the city take steps to remedy this problem.
The administration declared itself in favor of a neutralized Laos.
Goodis voiced his objection before City Council's Finance Committee.
Five years later, he was awarded the university's degree in law.
The success of the project depended upon Fiedler's flight.
He is investigating the whole matter, Pratt said.
Mr. Giorgio had started to turn left onto Cherry.
Sometimes the streetcar was late.
Has Moss no stirling virtues?
He was able to smell a bargain.
High blood pressure can get the best of any of us.
There have even been serious errors in the U. S. Forest Service.
One of these men is a former Fire Chief.
The Yanks also took advantage of three Cincinnati errors.
He'll be out of action all this week.
But from a historic viewpoint none can approach it.
Washington County's 36th annual fair will close tomorrow.
Mr. Kennedy was convinced that insistence on the demand was wrong.
Mrs. Robert O. Spurdle is chairwoman of the committee.
The President knew there would be a confrontation.
George is the bossman.
He was inducted into the Army at Fort Knox, Kentucky.
He is the sexton of the church.
Why don't you walk to school then?
He almost brought it back all the way.
But almost all the schools were primary.
The boys love it.
He tried again and once more sliced out of bounds.
There is a conflict among the defendants.
Oh no, she said.
Michelle Elman shared last night's Lewison Stadium concert.
You have it, all right.
But we must not forget man's soul.
What was it to Proctor?
Across the bridge on the left I saw Saint Sophia.
To me, the explanation is very simple.
But what could the Letter Trial initiate?
It stood in its original form until 1882.
Vermont's main railroad line was prostrate.
In 1951 she was a prostitute in New York County.
Burlington aviator John Burns suggested the parade ground.
"It-wit" is a good term because it covers slips as well as wit.
Include as expenditures an allowance for depreciation.
Caught at last, he was sentenced to prison.
Cut clay top and base pieces and place on plaster board.
She gave herself a title, Lady Diana Harrington.
I thought it was done.
Consider using vending machines rather than subsidized cafeterias.
Some companies find a little imagination helpful.
It went to his head, and his ambition increased.
Then again they would stand in circles.
Buddhism was no exception to these prevailing magical concepts.
We have a few consultants.
This was also used for sores.
This was not a program intended to illustrate authentic folk styles.
None of the Truman family remains.
Diane spoke no Italian or French.
Rethink everything.
They had left both of his eyes uncovered.
They earnestly desire to do the will of God.
I like sawdust for this, or hay.
Be sure it is well saturated and then allow it to harden.
He shunned publicity for himself and sought to avoid fame.
Nor did the dancing involved really seize the attention at any time.
After the decking is on, the cabin sides are installed.
He even buys a lot of the products he sees advertised.
All natural food fats fall into one of three categories.
High-level abstractions are always difficult to pin down.
Use a wooden design head of mold for pattern J.
At the end of that circuit is death.
There were aesthetic problems as well as political ones.
It would be made in three waves.
It is easy for you to talk.
Information is hereby given for Mr. Timothy Palmer.
Don't work too hard.
No one ever learned what happened to the Greek.
Thus committed, action might follow.
They were completely dedicated to the public service.
Mr. Bell was, as always, a consummate actor.
The trade bodies which came in its wake were enormous.
The children can do chores adapted to their age and ability.
I'll call your mother as soon as I get home.
Scientists and fishermen have occasionally seen strange by-products.
So much for the prototype.
I have to say good-bye upstairs.
Whence, then, comes the substance of the first man?
There is no question as to just what is available.
He is a man of major talent.
Don't save the anti-freeze, even if its the expensive permanent type.
Here are suggestions for the frankfurter trimmings.
Christianity declares that there are three gods in one.
He is not likely to win this battle easily.
No, I take classes with different people, he said.
At the start of her program there were evidences of pique.
That is not true.
A conscientious girl became the secretary of a doctor.
The U.N. session scheduled for today will meet under a pall.
They are used mainly for their oil.
J. D. Salinger writes with an art that almost conceals art.
Well, here it is.
He has very good connections.
Clay was rolled to one quarter inch thickness.
Then Miss Lillian Colman came from Vermont to be kitchen manager.
Place pattern inside holder.
Don't think barbecue cooking is just sometimes, or seasonal.
That's a lie.
To some degree they are being completely remade.
But he felt that the Selden case was being unfairly tried.
Distribution costs are almost bound to increase in the sixties.
She seemed overly tall, her brow knitted in concern.
Unless one takes refuge in the theory it is worthless.
You pay your money and you take your choice.
He was wounded, but fought on.
Furthermore, Garry Moore makes an ideal master of ceremonies.
Then Goodbody will hand over a minimum of five million dollars.
The real question that follows is this.
Mr. Claude is a specialist in torso development.
Discounts run up to two percent of cost.
Their album was "Madrigal Masterpieces."
Miss Lee and Mr. Fuller chose many contemporary pieces.
It now serves the President in his oval office.
But how can one figure symbolize both?
Obviously Julia had respected his request.
Secrecy was paramount.
This new position, however, gave the ropers a better chance.
Oneupmanship is practiced by both sides in a total war.
For the first time in history, the U.S. has produced surplus.
I myself hear it said constantly.
America is now joining Europe in this mature phase of development.
Nobody knows how many Southerners there are in this category.
Ida, where is the car license? she asked.
The latter is not reduced to the former.
We presently are involved in inaugurating a new development center.
Titled "What's New In Music?" the enterprising program is heard Saturdays.
Not all the concern for health is well directed.
Strange, it was still running.
She lied in order to get it.
The adolescent experiences two closely related crises.
This was long after Morse had left the house.
With Republican presidents, he fought fair.
But suppose she had not taken Mrs. Mathias' advice?
He cried out to her, his back turned.
He openly proclaimed his pleasure in lecturing and writing about science.
A part-time farmer and his family can use their spare time profitably.
The pace of the quadrennial American political festival accelerated.
A mill stands in a room off the kitchen.
An autopsy disclosed a large amount of morphine in Diane's body.
We had merely been discovered by the pool sharks.
Low seems to have supported Eden at first.
There you'll witness a view which includes the Rocky Mountains.
He has a 25% higher death rate.
A general classification given grass-fed cattle was grassers.
A memory lapse in the last somewhat marred the pianist's performance.
The author begins this volume with a close-up of Mr. Kennedy.
Anyway, I'll bet you have a lot of fun.
Lark has an answer to all that.
Or that's what it looked like at the time.
But by now O'Neil's political pull was beginning to be effective.
Once there, with devilish cleverness he would provide the truth.
An impressive technician, Mr. Killman has fine rhythm, to boot.
So Dartmouth is moving closer to the others in the Ivy group.
As Mayor, Mr. Lee might turn out to be more independent.
What they wished for most was security.
And then Castro himself did come, bearded, smiling.
They were frog-marched off the airplane at two p.m.
But these Western countries do care about themselves.
I cannot define it fully.
That improvement is continuing.
It was only about the size of a baseball.
Sometimes this leads to his becoming demandingly dominant in marriage.
Weld was the son and grandson of New England Congregational ministers.
Nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are.
The story of the fatal crash is not fully known.
They were bifocals.
Cut five pieces of brass bar stock.
Arlene showed them how to begin.
He was his own man, not an automatic obstructionist.
Cholesterol is a mysterious substance.
You can sell the property later on for suburban subdivision.
Trim excess clay from rim of mold.
The plane put down on schedule at one a.m. in Phoenix.
It is here that the local and foreign must meet.
The greenhouses alone cover three and a half acres.
Then remove it and give the whole bottom a coat of resin.
It'll be so much easier.
There is much to be said for such a college.
The work filled the second half of the program.
To the Traditionalists, it was a brilliant satire on modernism.
River cruising for small craft is ideal in November.
Karson began shouting, "wait, wait".
He was able to make a detailed inspection of the waves.
They were said to be on their heads when grazin'.
At the same time, he is plainly sympathetic.
Twenty-two thousand spectators used to crowd it in Roman days.
While in Washington, D.C., Lucy Upton held a high position.
The Adaptaplex Company uses letters molded of plastic.
There is plenty of opportunity for proper education today.
You are likely to be nearer the truth.
One way to formalize this is in the job structure.
The sound may be good, but still too poor.
Shorter booking, but still a booking.
Trouble came into her life.
The gruesome humor of the Nazis was not forgotten.
Here, too, the reality of actual furniture must be experienced.
I'm all set.
With the end of the trial Diane disappeared from New York.
He makes the momentous decision.
The argument was typically advanced in terms of U.S. prestige.
Every doll in the house must be going with her.
Systematically he would open and ransack drawers.
I have already mentioned that to Mr. Timothy Palmer.
He didn't live in a world of perpetual peril like ours.
The general acceptance of the idea came quickly.
Richardson glanced to sea and started slightly.
One of the lawyers observed that the Selden case was a set-up.
You solve it.
First of all, Nathan Miller is a wizard of the violin.
Too bad a jury isn't involved.
Vesser rushed from gun to gun, attempting to direct fire.
He should have said jittery, for that's what we are.
Draw a line across the country at the latitude of lower Pennsylvania.
He must take it from the red box.
But these sources have not been tapped.
In view of these difficulties, Palfrey decided to go to Louisiana.
The white men died.
The early years of the twentieth century seem very far away.
Mr. Blatz packed his tools into the case again.
The dogs were tired.
Before appealing to the U.N. he first appealed to us.
It bewilders and befuddles him.
Rudy Valley shares star billing with Mr. Morse.
The latest Low is a puzzler.
His plunder is therefore far higher, running into hundreds of millions.
Most recreation work calls for a good deal of pre-planning.
Both composers turn up on new imports from France.
The speaker undoubtedly thought he was being recorded.
The vegetable ivory is the hard spore of the seed.
They like to be dominated.
But we still have a long way to go.
Tiles were fired once to cone five.
A nice bachelor apartment in a place called the Lancaster Arms.
Then add the base.
Mr. Kennan is sometimes a little somber in his appraisals.
The flyer had his share of near-misses.
Yesterday it offered "Poised For Violence", by Jean Reaver.
Once more, Jon's complaints were the loudest.
Had she forgotten she had signed it over to me?
A real nothing torso, says Henry.
Overnight he became the most available man in Washington.
Such needs may rise to pathological proportions.
But one should not ask for everything.
This should be used frequently.
An aggressive woman wants a man to demand, not knuckle under.
Score plain side and leave in mold.
They were clumsy, but they were beginning to catch on.
Lay the cloth in place and trim it to size.
I'll shoot him as sure as I see him.
No one else must know.
Chief aims of the proposed conference are worth noting.
Pansies don't have to be coddled.
The long-term trend of traffic on these roads seems clearly upward.
Few persons who join the Church are insincere.
It is directly in front of the palace.
A short time ago all Africa was a Western preserve.
They don't care for politics, says Mr. Wesker.
It included the top O'Neil men and Chief of Detectives Michael Hughes.
He does not seem to have caught the subtleties.
Out of the blue comes talk of pension plans.
When they leave for vacations they miss the hot cereal.
I doubt if it is possible to overfeed them.
Didi and Gogo hover on the edge of suicide.
Let this boil gently for twenty minutes, then strain.
The Negro has not made a decisive debut into Southern fiction.
D. H. Lawrence, in "Fantasia Of The Unconscious," protested.
Exports of Underwood products have doubled.
We had tea at Mr. Washi's home.
The tinsel paper dropped by bombers to jam radar was everywhere.
He amused the young men who had been silent.
But the metamorphosis must come first.
News of the project reached the press.
Forty-six of those who mailed in entries were present.
A shorter word is love.
Here is the promise of a vacation trip they can afford.
His was a burgomaster's Beethoven, solid and sensible.
Clean it meticulously in boiling water and detergent.
Until recently, art has withstood the pressure of chaotic things.
Most Europeans have been exercising newborn infants for centuries.
I'll extend the number of classes.
A woman with a small boy slipped in between them.
Life must be kept in harmony.
At least Alex had told him he wasn't dying.
She read Moorland's "Dark Ages", which I enjoyed very much.
Decanting old wine airs it fully.
It is a barely controlled skimming of the ground.
The dogs were working a trail.
For cooling, chilled water is circulated instead of hot water.
The deadliness of the forty-four Magnum is no surprise.
The government forbade Hudson to return to Amsterdam with his ship.
The statement was effective.
Go a step further and list all the wonderful barbecue basics.
She did not obey when as yet very young.
To go outside the few cities required permits.
The wild tribesmen commenced fighting each other.
It read, "shot in the lumbar region."
Resolving to get something done, I started in on the dishes.
But it was even funnier after they had been told.
We couldn't help laughing.
Further, he had taken full advantage of the Army's correspondence courses.
Perhaps this is not so extraordinary after all.
His portion of the program was excellent.
Use audio-visual aids.
It is that elemental.
They want something in which their whole being participates.
You might say we are in the nation-building business.
The drug elevates the metabolic rate of the cow.
Mr. Kennedy did not neglect to cultivate personal friendships.
The President also discussed the deadlock.
Mr. Gordon took a swig of his sherry.
This reduces the number of expensive plant shutdowns and startups.
Some not even a blade of grass.
Sometimes I guessed it was because the rain squall had changed direction.
What matters here is family loyalty.
The man was leaning against the rock.
Command has achieved the ideal amount of reverberation.
The soles of her sandals reported sharply on the cobblestones.
But this year prospects may be better.
Jazz, like sex, is a mystique.
The death of her mother in 1865 prevented this.
Here the women learn to keep house as maids.
Gil lost no time in visiting the plantation.
I had a funny experience at Newport yesterday afternoon.
Texts and translations are provided.
This arches the back.
Only a few other people knew of it.
Tougher than plastic, it wears well.
Palfrey agreed.
I'll try, I said, and sat for a moment thinking.
This approach has not been entirely satisfactory.
I really didn't know what he meant.
There are several codes in the red box.
The white people fall back bitterly before the black horde.
At Charlottesville shoot Monticello and the beautiful buildings.
As we have seen, Methodism early took a stand against slavery.
Then the wife bed-hopped to the next on the list.
How about it?
The long-term trend of turnpike traffic is upward.
The adolescent experiences identity crises in terms of time.
See illustration.
"No, nothing at all", he said after a moment's hesitation.
Don't worry.
Codes can be used to challenge and counterchallenge the authentications.
Many years have passed since an audience heard anything comparable.
The result was added to the deficit in the federal budget.
Everything else is closed away.
These are the results.
What disaster struck the Discovery during those seventeen months?
Susie's teeth have now been guided into a desirable new position.
Parents are often concerned that braces may cause teeth to decay.
There was a pronounced ideological diffusion.
Richard Stewart had been irritable and quarrelsome for almost a year.
But do not dream.
All nails should be rustproof.
I am what I am.
Housekeeping is easier.
But he was always persuaded out.
It almost always works out for the best.
This can usually be found out at the nearest town hall.
By myself I'll be fine.
Nothing appalling or horrible rushed upon these men.
Soup is often the important dish at supper.
Another boy's model is the single-shot Remington.
The lengths of each piece are listed at the bottom.
The businessmen and racketeers also have a story.
Have the class lie supine with knees apart and bent.
The lower number is always divided into the upper number.
Success may mean merely the displacement of Western influence.
I didn't want to stir things up.
There was, additionally, a bonus for the Saturday-night patrons.
Feed at level of seventy milligrams per head per day.
Again she snarled, and again he edged.
We know that we have hydrogen in water.
The big tanks were at the site but still sunning themselves.
Lie back and go to sleep.
Then we hung overboard in the water.
The extent and location of open areas is noted.
The Frenchman was astonished.
Not a chance of opening here November twenty-eighth.
He is starred against Alvin Alcorn.
Mr. Hand is dead today because he followed this advice.
Straightening one tooth that has come loose is easy.
He is still concerned, however, with a personal event.
The businessman was Raymond Thornburg.
Most of Billy Haughton's two-year-olds have been worked.
The best way is to rent a chauffeur-driven car.
He couldn't get away from her in this kind of ground.
Are you getting top dollar from the shooting sports?
Norton and Richford fired wildly at the sounds of the motors.
This is a major problem.
Only nothing happened.
The former receives its legitimacy from the latter.
It is only natural that she assert herself in the sexual role.
Mr. Philips affirms at one point his conviction.
Panels of maps and charts are crammed with intelligence information.
To get a marriage back where it belongs demands commitment.
Supplementing the actual art are memorabilia.
Then, my mother blushed at this small lie.
The first Saturday in each month is set aside for new recordings.
As a result, life had become a kind of continuous make-ready.
One company installed a senior staff program advisor.
So, for that matter, are the newer dances.
Not the least bit, Arlene snapped.
Mathematics came next.
We began by declaring that all men are created equal.
Both the conditions and the wrongs are documented in detail.
This procedure is much more effective than giving out a membership packet.
They looked as if they had been fed on vinegar and shavings.
He should have discovered a more tender farewell.
I was grateful for their insight into my need for this experience.
It can, in fact, wreck a marriage.
Mr. Gordon was finally in command of his mind again.
One-inch screws are used in both cases.
They include both individual fears and collective ones.
They all swung at the same instant in the same direction.
This is where I get my information from, he confided.
Some churches require more.
The concept of trans-illumination is unknown.
Sometimes, though, they did not seem quite human.
Make paper patterns for sections of jar and lid.
None of these countries is happy with these arrangements.
Dr. Littleton then imagines the universe as a large hydrogen sphere.
They mounted their horses and rode off into the hills.
Chin up, Soapy.
Time in the sum is nothing.
The inference has been too widely accepted.
No, darling I'd rather you didn't come out.
Sometimes this is accompanied by visible shifts of the ground surface.
There's a church you should see, she said.
Ceilings were judged by comparison with known mountain heights.
He was actually walking down the stairs.
Eventually, says Keys, one of two things happens.
I'll drop you off.
Allow all pieces to become leather hard before constructing shaker.
Stimulating was the word for it.
Modern times have changed the world beyond recognition.
They saw it before I did, even with my binoculars.
All this is standard equipment for a man of your day.
These are not, however, differences in federal structure.
Her words remained with him, worrying him for hours.
The variety of craft on the country's waters today is overwhelming.
To be different is to invite shame and doubt.
Of course those who have developed more will find them easier.
Patients deserve more attention than they are getting.
We can all breathe more easily this morning.
This is useful, for example, in a typical store installation.
His pianist was Donald Jenni, a faculty member at DePaul University.
My God, is he still alive?
Similarly in Illinois there is Lincoln country to be seen.
For outdoor signs and displays, acrylic is best.
And this is only natural.
Instead of being depressed by this news, Mr. Crombie was glad.
We passed his house and school on the way.
He is not prepared for it.
Apart from racial problems, the old South disappeared.
I haven't got that kind of money.
Newton's qualification is of considerable significance.
Today more than a thousand industries distribute me to their employees.
Consequently, it is referred to the therapist for attention.
Both believed that intellectual achievements were important.
Mr. Crumb would probably see him at Lodge Meeting the next night.
In brief, Berman played himself and not Bolger.
His chief discovery was important.
Use water on finger to smooth seams and edges.
The Senate also voted to finance the government.
Rudolf Kemper conducts.
There's a man outside with a wooden leg named Smith.
They cursed Him.
Camp meals are no great problem.
English Catholics reacted to this event with moderate but real hope.
Place project on table and carefully lift the mold off.
She could see that Mr. Gordon was intrigued.
In the hall, after adjournment, Dr. Buckingham took him aside.
Besides Francesca, there was Barbara.
Some extremists went so far as to urge our using it first.
Well, we can't have everything.
Americans eat too much fat.
This the therapist may pursue in later questioning.
There are four versions of the formula.
The mayor of the town taught them English and French.
Grandma wasn't expected to like it.
The compression ratio is ten to one.
Bruckner's Eighth he refers to as my travel symphony.
Bites were also treated with cabbage leaves.
But you don't have to worship in the traditional way.
Look at them.
Could we be ready in fifteen minutes?
Mr. Sansom is English, bearded and formidably cultivated.
By 1917 the number of undergraduates had risen.
If it's love, you don't.
He chooses.
I even ferreted out the materials from which shields were made.
Some of the letters were pungently expressive.
Most park planners look to water frontage for basic park areas.
It only seems as if they did.
Combine first four ingredients in saucepan.
They've been there since the days of the Moors and the Spanish.
Rental fees are variable, too, throughout the countries of Europe.
And he refused to be anything else.
Such an animal has frequently been the downfall of the rustler.
Professor Bondi disagrees with the expansion-contraction theory.
You couldn't stop 'em.
He flounders and lets music sprawl.
Hold edges together, right side up.
Arch the back upwards to make a bridge.
But it's hard to imagine Mr. Burman as a Nobel laureate.
I was full of hope as Fidel Castro came into Havana.
He said he would have convicted somebody.
At a minimum, recording is done on at least one tape.
Marvin Gold saw what was happening.
Choose a location within easy commuting distance.
I drive my own car by courtesy of Ella?
The Island folk have their living almost entirely from summer visitors.
Study surface of clay for defects or desired corrections.
The combination proved quite irresistible last night.
Moreover, her husband and child contracted T.B. from her.
Line sides of mold with paper pattern J.
Still a protest or two must be entered.
You could wish that.
That cold frame was my morale builder.
Some of the people who speak through my pages are famous.
The fine old mansion is in U.S. Grant's old home town.
Some disappeared with the attainment of their purpose.
Sort of remorseless, isn't it?
They were rewarded with splendid, exciting, singing.
Boat prices vary according to the buyer's desires or needs.
The drama itself seems to be lavishly true.
Mr. White admires him profoundly and leaves no doubt about it.
But the campers still come.
They don't like it if I do anything away from home.
The early works were conceived for a sophisticated audience.
It soured in my stomach and turned loose on me.
They lay on the cellar floor in a disorderly pile.
The dependable Wright engine was never stopped on these trips.
Next, estimate the value of possible earnings of the farm.
On the whole this is an interesting and exceptionally well-written book.
She traced it to a storage room.
The exuberance on this occasion set a standard.
This is the ideal.
Then there was a chorus of wild barking and baying.
People today are aware of the value of orthodontics.
All told, "Where's Charley?" ought not to be missed.
The trial was held September tenth.
The odds thus appear favorable that the secretary's neck may be spared.
The antithesis of the foreign and the local then no longer exists.
I'm studying anatomy with Burns, he replied.
Did you make friends easily?
Time perspective is the ability to plan for the future.
Get into your hovel, he spat.
The lyric beauties of Schubert's "Trout Quintet" are elemental.
An attic space above insulation makes a house easier to cool.
Mr. Deller and the other singers in his troupe are anxious.
I might struggle in for a jury.
His firm hand will be desperately missed.
One technical question of school organization comes to mind here.
He's a skillful politician and a courageous and honest man.
The West should make the central proposal.
The melodies flow along pleasantly, as Mr. Coward's songs usually do.
I asked him if he took seeds from his own plants.
Both are possible, but practically they are impossible.
Hotel attendants pulled parked bicycles into the lobby.
Do you like to sew?
What is it? asked the children.
On the whole, audiences will like this performance.
However, some formulas are used more than others.
There is no occasion to feel uneasy or disturbed about these people.
For this reason, U.S. Camera has prepared this special vacation.
We could put a portion of our strategic bombers in such shelters.
Must Berlin remain divided?
Mr. Blatz had been at least sober enough to remember to telephone.
I sat and watched the proceedings.
The creator of the art of the film is D.W. Griffith.
Every retiring person has a different situation facing him.
Speaking softly and carrying a sizable stick is hard.
I happened to be driving somewhat intoxicated last night.
Charts for this purpose are available from many sources.
Mr. Narrows has described four places.
Those were dark days after the Great Flood of 1927.
The skies turn dark but the clouds do not loose rain.
Gosh you shouldn't be up, should you?
This was composed last year as a salute to the automobile industry.
Place cylinder on a disk of clay slightly larger than cylinder.
For it is primarily in community that we experience spirit.
Defeat increased the persistent Anglophilia.
The world awaits Mr. Khrushchev's choice of alternatives.
It increases flexibility of the legs.
Thank God for that, I said.
Floating ice bore down from the north and west.
But I would not pamper myself in that silly way.
This is a remarkable book.
It is for them a given which they and they alone possess.
The fruit is then cooled to forty-two-degrees Fahrenheit.
If doubtful about a steak, boldly cut it in half.
The troop received a new leader, Lieutenant Robert M. Carroll.
The world has never lacked for horrifying examples.
Of course, there is also an optimistic side to the picture.
You may have misgivings about certain aspects of our military.
He shares with Mr. Morse a parody of the college anthems.
This marked a memorable date in New York's musical history.
John Salvador is a farmer from Palm Desert, California.
Morse said Borden let him out and locked the screen door.
Jewish identity was often confused with social and economic strivings.
The measurement must be in inches.
Many of his fellow officers refused to speak to him.
The answer, quite simply, is no.
Cooling requirements are best expressed in terms of BTU.
He had attended three universities in the United States.
The mayor envisioned factories there.
This is clear.
He gave credit to many hunters.
Not yet, cautioned Tully.
Mr. Nixon, he believes, has no particular political philosophy.
She kissed him passionately upon his reappearance.
These are a few prognoses of coming events.
A long flat known as the Saint John field seemed perfect.
He knows that the land is there.
Time is a queer thing and memory queerer.
Perhaps the Jewish students at Brooklyn College are different.
Experts in the publishing field consider this astounding.
The pulsating vibration of energy clutches at the pit of your stomach.
And she begins to regard him as savage, bestial and unworthy.
The daughter profited from his interest in scientific subjects.
After your child's baby teeth are all in is a good time.
Someone laughed.
Lacking specific instructions, he agreed to William's condition.
The policeman walked on, but he looked back once.
It was true.
Here's another memo for sightseers.
In Hilo Bay they were from twenty-one to twenty-six feet high.
In the kitchenette the raw whiskey made him gasp.
It is not an entirely happy book.
Bruises, burns, cuts, etc., occurred frequently.
Past polls of public opinion show popular favor for this policy.
The technique of reality confusion is the use of paradox and riddles.
The singer simply matches the poem to a mode.
However, that is not all he has to do.
More than just customer expectation is determining the realtor's role.
It may, on occasion, be anything but that.
I set it on the Gator trailer.
When you first acquire a pool, we earnestly recommend doing this.
This has not been the case everywhere.
Where his predecessors had glowered, Menshikov smiled.
This expansion has been going on for an estimated eight billion years.
I have no notion why I reached.
The form and the chaos remain separate.
What should I do about it?
Locate the position from Figure seven.
The world production of familiar seed nuts grows every year.
Why, it's all right, isn't it, Mother?
He went on.
He was filled with the spirit of the Fighting Seventh.
In a way, Askington was right.
This is especially important if you live in a mild-winter zone.
The word is really a stronghold.
In six years, U.S. aid had amounted to more than ten billion.
His ideas in this respect, however, sometimes arouse critical response.
It all has something to do with General Burnside and his horse.
Cathy J. Hanover was formerly called Karet.
The forty-two-inch width leaves very little waste.
Not for me, but perhaps just the thing for you.
And he makes many interesting comments.
We are Americans.
In this system, no man is exempt from obligations.
Carrie seemed more affectionate.
Goodby, Mr. Sam.
One characteristic of the spirit in community is its givenness.
The hotly debated plan is still being contested.
She finds married life stifling.
However, there is a minimum of legislative restriction on boating.
They are redecorating the White House library.
Chandler understood this and expected the worst.
To overcome this unfair judging, the A.K.C. requires a license.
Don't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death.
Mrs. Long wished all the Juniors luck in the Class.
The Menshikov interlude ended as larks with the Russians usually end.
She's fat.
We sat for a while drinking in silence.
And it's far from the end for plastics.
This protects the bottom in beaching.
As they watched, Jones rode straight for the Reef.
We would like to do that too.
The facts of the persecution were unavailable.
Some are not.
The sentence was one years' confinement in the county jail.
My name is Guideposts.
Karen Marcmann showed well.
Some people can carve most anything out of a piece of wood.
But do you know something curious?
These are inexpensive and available from the Geological Society.
Of course he did some exercising.
My train arrived in Hiroshima at the awful hour of five a.m.
Well, what about you, Carla? she asked.
Men spit on Him.
Only the President can authorize the use of nuclear weapons.
Mr. Miller thrust straight to the core of the argument.
The Latin, for example, was not clear.
They sat down and began their little coffee party.
Oh, said the woman, I've seen that picture already.
But an enemy grenade hit Carroll in the head and detonated.
One can even argue for it.
It changes the answers on builder-dealer relations.
The purpose of this fourth voyage was clear.
Feverishly, he tried to brush away this intuition.
Its president is Otis M. Waters.
An area may be too small for the needs of the project.
She must have taken the registration when she went to Walter's.
Please, she said, please.
Much happened in this field during the past twelve months.
It's a good use of money.
Do we ourselves offer Mr. Low less of a crusade?
This trade was subject to a tariff of seven point five percent.
The vineyards have now climbed to this height.
The other trotted over and swooped at the tiny puddle.
This is in contrast to the family with whom he boards.
Mrs. Shaefer hurried over to her family physician.
Later, it was to be called Hudson Strait.
General Power would participate in the decision making.
I'd win hands down.
Of interest is a recent announcement by DuPont.
He just can't do anything about it.
To transmit that feeling, he writes.
The 300th anniversary of Staten Island is next month.
I like to follow the holidays when they come along.
It is never strait-laced.
Instead Sergeant Early was quiet, sharp and confident.
But why gymnastics at all?
Political expediency prevailed over wisdom.
There is nothing holy in wedlock.
I take this to mean that the intelligent are silent.
Guar gum thickens salad dressings and stabilizes ice cream.
At least she never knew what the bottom was like.
He died of typhoid in 1921.
I came back from church at noon.
The sounds from the quarry began to pulse in her ears.
The method used to scan the eye is new.
People are giving their doctors a hard time.
Read on.
He was forced to wipe his eyes.
It's ten o'clock.
The newspaper reporter tripped up a politician.
They lack stimulation.
An excellent crop was expected that year.
After planking, the bottom gets a layer of fiberglass.
Form clay strip into a cylinder.
The U.N.-chartered plane was flying from the conference.
What's the matter? she asked suddenly.
Maybe that's your forte.
Mrs. Borden would have had no reason to disbelieve him.
We leap from event to event.
Nothing is peeled.
An average of 50 suicides are reported in America each day.
This woman repeatedly complained she was too tired for marital relations.
The path to leadership is made clear.
Yanks were equally adept at figurative expression.
The person who left the buggy there has never been identified.
She had good friends here, people who liked her.
The dumbbell variation develops a most classically sculptured outline.
John Templeman approved Timothy Palmer.
The figures range as high as fifteen million families.
Not all of Palfrey's slaves were aboard.
No charges were filed.
Gretchen was mean.
The system passes on these savings to its members.
The undertaking has abundant promise.
Specific dates would be important, as would double names.
A law is needed.
It was an automatic phrase.
About that time he began reading Mr. America and Muscle Builder.
Confucianism had its own magic in the idea that virtue had power.
That helped a great deal.
The heavy meal comes in the middle of the day.
I'll be asleep.
It drops again after fifteen and/or twenty-one days.
The symbol is used to separate two or more numbers.
Does it assail schools and churches with blanket accusations?
And his belief is not to his discredit.
But we need not mind too much.
Among the locales to visit is Shiloh, Tennessee.
It is good to see those numbers again.
It's the difference between confederacy and federal union.
Their consequences are irrelevant.
The people who told the stories were sincere.
We caught the early train to New York.
Students of the college are candidates.
The sequence is determined by chance.
If you had the recorded version you would know.
Several men stepped forward.
Repeat these drill and tap operations for each of the tappet bars.
And how did he feel about modern art?
Feed is put in with an elevator.
Welch summoned jail officials to Barco's cell.
Check to see if some of your benefits are listed.
However, Montgomery makes little contribution to leadership.
It takes place as well along the terraces.
This fact is evident in the recruitment of new members.
The rest is used for human food and industrial products.
But what was the story?
He seemed bent on coupling them with vengeance.
See Theodore Roosevelt National Park for its spectacular scenery.
Fog hung over the route constantly.
There was a crisis later when debts seemed about to overwhelm me.
My father had none.
I'm supposed to joke about things, aren't I?
Let's talk about books, Moreland said.
One or two practice runs should be sufficient for solo.
This perpetual justification empties the heart of all human feeling.
He must furnish complete cost estimates for clients approval.
He was a propagandist.
The first was that America had become soft.
He did more than that.
He must have slept again.
John Vernon had had all the patronage he cared for.
Then the wind died and the rain squall held steady.
Many Hollywood films manage somehow to be authentic.
National responsibility, now a truism, need not be documented.
A concept of responsibility is in the process of establishment.
It was my first reaction upon hearing of Leo's death.
You didn't tell me I had cancer.
The Warwick Musical Theater presents "Where's Charley?"
Instead the cartoons seem to deal with foibles.
In addition to its recreation interests, water is needed for life.
All sorts of plans come to life.
Wine stored for a long time should be on its side.
He would receive intelligence on the gold-phone circuit.
By no means are these isolated cases.
The second piece is in turn glued and screwed to the first.
When winter comes be ready with additional mulch.
Why did he want her to go to church?
The screen test was never made, but Diane was.
Nothing worked.
The nation's number one picnic treat is the skinless frankfurter.
E. Bates has scribbled a farce called "Hark, Hark."
Straighten the arms slowly.
Father, is that you?
Place clay piece inside.
These are important differences between North and South.
He teaches at the Manhattan School of Art.
There was a certain discontent among the cardinals.
She charged.
My recital disturbed him and made him indignant.
It was permitted.
Morals aside, the fat man has plenty to worry about.
We have ample light when the sun sets.
Go inside for a closer look at a Renaissance palace.
I remember once I did a jacket for Magpie Press.
We marvel at their blindness for not seeing this.
It is somewhere in a category between Einstein's theory and chance.
This one was set up here on a pedestal.
Check the temperature gage and be sure it's working.
What did I imagine? she thought.
He's mad at a world he did not make.
That saved Mel Chandler.
Flash is allowed, subject to above restrictions.
Follow me.
Numbers to be multiplied together may be multiplied in any order.
The exception is where the flooring butts.
This is a varmint load, pure and simple.
This time she submitted and in a few days was going good.
And time after time she really belted out her songs.
He accepted the environment of his destiny.
His energy was prodigious.
Shippin' cattle by train was called a stock run.
And this may be as far as the process will go.
A plastic sign weighs about six ounces.
He stiffened and rose to his feet.
A number of them must have fallen into disfavor.
It even affects the faculty.
Over sixty Juniors, parents and guests attended.
Prosperity for the whole nation is certainly preferred to a tax cut.
But he was totally dissatisfied with his upper body.
Cook Bennett Mattis said Jon had predicted bloodshed on the ship.
Soldiers wrote letters while bullets were whizzing about their heads.
A fairly common experience for us is the compulsive eater.
This will cut the expense of vacation replacements.
Now here's truly a marvel.
The bottom planking is applied in the same manner.
Farming is confining.
No one knew exactly.
There is one problem with the bread.
I'll take you out to dinner.
There is Mita, an otter who travelled with Maxwell.
Dartmouth students enjoy other unusual diversions with equal grace.
These are a great aid for planning use back at the office.
The accuracy of the Jet cartridge is fine.
It seemed as though she were always auditioning.
I told them some sweet lies and they believed it all.
Now a million January Guideposts are in circulation.
Carla translated.
A more official representative is the Secretary of the Interior.
They bring their fishing rods and binoculars and bathing suits.
Aircraft are mighty expensive if you can use them only once.
Perhaps you do not know if you belong to Him.
The Louisiana legislature voted to table the petition.
Companies of all types have made great advances in production.
And it was interesting to observe B.B.C.'s television film.
The chase in itself is a narrative.
But this did not necessarily refer to an actual jail.
He's really asking for it.
He could feel a pulse pounding against the bandages.
I never gave that boy a cent.
Upper teeth completely cover the lowers when the back teeth close.
He carried three guns, one in the right trouser pocket.
Yes, the Pope could die and quickly be made a saint.
He was a Londoner, married, with three sons.
Since Biblical times, rosaries have been made from jobs-tears.
Events occur without apparent reason.
The jazz buff could hardly ask for more.
Let's go out.
Follow manufacturer's recommendation carefully.
Arlene had a hard voice, too, this time.
Score outside of container where handle ends will be joined.
Our discussion of this involves Erikson's scheme of identity.
Obviously the farm should be on an all-weather road.
Aren't you going out to mass?
These signs also show versatility in other directions.
It was hot.
The idea seems to threaten profound, barely conscious assumptions.
Well, all right then.
The limitations are those one expects from untrained and unsettled voices.
He elected to get along.
In front of it would be his workbench.
The big audience started applauding even before he had finished.
The fourth time in harness he walked off like a gentleman.
These men are considered managers of engineers.
They do not escape the pitfall.
Several years ago she married a Houston business man, Robert Graham.
Certainly in the matter of principals there is nothing lacking.
You will realize why Rome is indeed the Eternal City.
It's happened.
Abraham Lincoln emerged as an incarnation of the Constitution.
It has multiple implications for your marketing program.
Home air conditioning has come a long way.
Clay is neurotic, preoccupied, and passive.
Damn the world, she thought.
American taxpayers have been impressed before.
He lived in the dawn.
Before that, we lumber dealers were working on the problem.
Nothing is easier to grow from seed than pansies.
Them notes and mortgages were spoken of as cattle paper.
To recite the particulars is hardly reassuring.
If guilty, the offender might be excluded from membership.
It was John who found the lion tracks.
"After the soil, the kitchen", says Mr. Clark.
I suppose you all were playing and forgot?
Again, my name was on all the front pages.
See sample on pages 78 to 79.
Puppies? comes the suspicious question.
It is a splendid structure.
No one knows where it will stop.
If you are a party thrower, you may need added capacity.
Bring your camera along to museums.
He made a circle with his thumb and fingers.
He receives ample reward for his work.
What is Leia interested in?
Some are blest with good health.
Are you retiring now?
And he is a great man.
And that was not all.
She also banks into a turn like a fine runabout.
For a moment he smiled.
The motivations for both sexes, to be sure, are different.
The list goes on.
Don't build from the outside in.
Are you longing for peace in your heart?
The hated dictator Barco had fled.
Home is the place to find the comforts of home.
The piano accompaniments by Evan Stills were stylish.
I will simply kill you first.
Mr. Hodges is hopeful over the outlook.
And awfully kind of Arlene, she told us later.
Place clay pieces on wall board.
He treats it with a mythological, universal application.
This is just being a normal writer.
They look straight past each other.
Mr. Reamer's conception of this novel was sound and perhaps even noble.
Had the Communists finally arrived?
I have always had a good sense of purpose.
Dewey Urban has a clever green trotter.
Mr. Rodgers' melodies seemed to deserve a better fate.
In this way you will be able to detect any obvious mistakes.
The residue from soybean processing goes mainly into animal feeds.
Not that Mr. Hedison does not make the most of his role.
The Broadway Theater League of Rhode Island presents "Edwin Kill."
The blacked-in blades indicate a fixed aspect.
She had had a party with a regular visitor, Dr. William.
Mr. Albert has a firm, attractive tone.
See page twenty-four for a complete report on it.
Endeavor to get the notches as much alike as possible.
They know it is the chief ingredient in gallstones.
It will continue all month.
The church on the west side is ancient.
And this helps explain why so many people are now going camping.
But you will never get better flowers than the seed you grow.
Is there a different reality behind the facade?
Drinking with meals is also discouraged.
He could lead a patrol and he knew his paper work.
The road maps of the region have changed since 1915.
No Dartmouth man was surprised.
All the people of Laos, he explained, are afraid.
Maybe I couldn't have called a taxi.
We got to one house where there were five secessionists.
Wage costs are a fraction of the U.S. costs.
The B vitamins are well represented, especially thiamin.
Pictures can be taken in the public areas and when on tours.
The bombs are as harmless as an automobile in a garage.
This is a delicate matter.
In her opening remarks Mrs. Long also expressed thanks to all.
The great world beyond beckons.
It was not a pet.
I just love them, he said.
But he still showed no intention of sharing with the syndicate.
Some areas may already have been improved and contain buildings.
Just the same we'll try it.
During his journey Palfrey stopped off to see two abolitionists.
There is a shortage of salesmen today.
But even so Lucy could not give up her intellectual pursuits.
They had divided the coast into six provinces.
She was wearing some sort of gray blazer.
He's got all the facts.
Now we have stood up to the Communists.
Some new members will hesitate to ask questions audibly.
They both laughed and winked back.
Shore facilities are enormous.
Their own slower tempo is dear to Southerners.
Over one hundred thousand persons will receive this free instruction.
God allowed it.
Costs were held down, despite a bitter winter.
See the table on page thirty-four for exact recommended speeds.
The teachers of Mr. Uno's school gave me a small gift.
What are the existing recreation features?
Why not? she said.
A light-colored roof will reduce sun heat by fifty percent.
My instructions were that Mr. Nishimo would meet me at the hotel.
Even the boys will not be outstanding in these areas.
The Kansas Turnpike offers an illustration.
Artists are always at a new frontier, she claims.
Flaxseed compounds and mustard plasters still are used by some persons.
But isn't it almost impossible to get into the union?
They were studying the ground.
Partly, it was because Pendleton himself wasn't what I anticipated.
It is difficult to reconstruct the primeval fears of man.
Then you can do the finishing touches at your leisure.
But she sighed and her face relaxed.
The occasion was sentimental.
Which does not mean that it is ugly.
That's authenticity, he said.
William R. Stillwell's delightful correspondence has been preserved.
Small wonder, then, that we fear.
Addition is indicated by the plus symbol.
There seems to be almost a conspiracy of silence veiling it.
The books of the school hold a memorial to her.
The ballads are sweet and sad, and the music generally competent.
Check the quality of the water.
And what has dancing to do with all this?
It is the way you were taught and your way of life.
The stains weren't too apparent.
So he kissed her.
Did I see him about to swing low in a chariot?
The President has indicated his dissatisfaction with its performance.
Probably no location for a pool is perfect on all counts.
Consciousness is the factor that provides continuity.
This was used also for bruises.
Good Time Jazz has released a nice two-record album which he made.
Louis Bromfield's writings excited me as a conservationist.
Is this life-death question a part of the chaos?
Welch was wild with delight.
He had put down the receiver.
He threw his arms wide, his face shining.
Bridget's testimony was in direct contradiction.
Plastic signs work around the clock.
It must be getting more serious.
They are mere fragments, just one portion of preprepared messages.
It gives them room to play and plenty of fresh air.
Outside I walked past the entrance to Saint Sophia.
But in so many other areas we still are dragging.
It was unlocked all the time she was washing windows.
Best of all, central air conditioning is something you can afford.
She topped the sextet brilliantly.
Perhaps it is better to stay at home.
Yet, paradoxically, many wives are still not happy.
In the realm of physical sensations, sex reigns supreme.
This part of the equation would then become four.
Do you want to hear the paraphrase?
Some have lovely homes.
Strangely enough, this always brought the house down.
Imagine you won't get your allowance if you're caught not smiling.
The values of the site may be affected by adjacent areas.
You've done me the greatest possible service.
Advertising frequently takes into account special Negro concerns.
There was another family interest also.
Under another law, hundreds of farms were seized.
Did he come from a musical family?
Now, as then, it is a matter of jobs.
The windshield glass is shatterproof.
The aborigine is not deceived.
Have a talk with your insurance agent.
I was fascinated.
It implies two misconceptions.
The buggers love shade, the rancher said.
There has been an intensification of price-consciousness in recent years.
I didn't rest until I had tracked the mystery down.
At the moment, many of these are being pulled down.
Mr. Clark's studies taught him that was the only way.
Their house was always a haven.
Bedridden people say I am easy to hold and read.
The two of them against the world.
It may also work in one other way.
White House legislative aides were still confident.
He seemed puzzled by my question.
But the twenties were not all insanity and striving.
He prefers to designate such schools as high schools.
Why are you so late?
Anyone can draw his own conclusions from this difference.
Mrs. Borden would not have been alarmed if she saw Morse.
He was, however, fortunate in his contact with the professor.
To please her, her husband assumed some of the domestic chores.
Figures 7 and 8 give all the pertinent dimensions.
It may then be pre-drilled for the fastenings.
There is no room for error or waste.
The question, however, cannot be ignored for long.
The fireplace had tiles made for Mrs. Monmouth by Picasso himself.
We congratulate the membership on its record of good legislation.
Take the case of Major Marcus A. Reno, who survived it.
There were many cures for warts.
You explain English by Greek.
To stop bleeding, cobwebs were applied to cuts and wounds.
Pansies have character.
A good man departs.
In this connection it is worth noting how names are sometimes obtained.
Only in Europe have our lines remained firm.
Must records always sound like records?
Yes, sure, I'll see the doctor this evening.
His best mile to date is two minutes, thirty-two seconds.
We have good times.
I doubt that fear parties and group confessionals will help very much.
Millie would have to understand.
The Planning Department comes into existence.
Anyway, a number of them meet here in devastating collisions.
This is not a social call.
Quality is vitally important.
Others carried hides from the Forks to Saint Paul.
Irish Catholicism is not attractive, but it is deeper.
Before you enter the palazzo, note the facade.
"At last", I thought, "she's recovering her spirits."
Did he feel that way about me?
His brother ran a mile to get the father.
I'll call her.
For you don't share him, not even with God.
There is, to begin, an important sex difference.
This permits the juices to permeate the meat during cooking.
It was too bad he had no feeling himself for church.
But Mr. Bragg is a remarkably gifted conductor.
It is there and it must be allowed in.
It certainly isn't mine.
The artist is like a fragment of a mosaic.
Mr. Palmer was educated to house-building only.
This may point the way toward international stabilization.
She suffered a nervous breakdown and had to be institutionalized.
For that matter, the experts themselves are a mixed breed.
A good word for it is fellowship.
They were wearing nothing but their scratches.
Reducing humidity is often as important as cooling.
Instead of motels, for the boatman there are marinas.
Bring along the conventional ones, catsup, pickle relish, mustard.
The music here, Russell Smith's "Tetra", sounded good.
Barbecue for five minutes on each side.
There is even one set that has barbecue written on it.
The key to the world of geology is change.
That way they have an infirmary for four hundred dollars.
Does it? he asked.
The exhibition presents all phases of Sloan's many-sided art.
The current exhibition remains on view through October.
Then the boycott would not be secondary, but a primary one.
Chinese and Indian merchants were slamming their steel shutters.
Dr. Buttrick is wise in his judgment of people.
Faced with this situation, Postmaster McKenna of Mantle went.
As wars go, Laos is an extremely little one.
But it never seemed real.
There is a growing conviction among pastors.
They were men of the too-hearty handclasp.
For deserts, puddings and pies are each served once a week.
Sitting in the kitchen I recalled every word Mrs. Salter said.
They were disturbed by his idiotic bravado.
Then gradually he began to pull away.
It won't work, Colonel.
Topography is very important.
The trends have been in evidence for many years.
You find the evidence of that in the chart on this page.
The idea was not even suggested.
This applies to his picture of Adam.
Being Jewish gives you tremendous drive, a boy remarked.
The usual U.S. norm would be high.
One inch equals two point five four centimeters.
I myself have witnessed and endured it more than once.
The new regime in Turkey is intentionally less Muslim than its predecessor.
These centers, too, are on the gold circuit.
I'll bribe you with a nice dinner.
The "Tyranny Of Trivia" suggests puzzles to induce slumber.
This headquarters is headed by the vice-president.
It was five minutes after four.
Either model is a very good dollar value.
You can't do this to us, Diane screamed.
And I'll take you with me.
That's one of the reasons art is becoming a useless occupation.
Equations for rodding formulas are not complicated.
Use one coat of Firzite and one coat of marine paint.
Today whole grains are freshly ground every day and baked into bread.
The temperature rose to one hundred and five degrees.
He'd show them.
It has held them at bay.
Your way doesn't seem to be so darned important any more.
By personal factors I mean those rooted in personality structure.
When was the turning point?
You'll take the rap.
The laws of many states permit birth control only for medical reasons.
Marketing in the new decade will be no picnic.
We visited the Okamoto home.
These include leaves of absences, illnesses, and layoffs.
Cattle brought into a range from a distance were called immigrants.
Fifteen years ago, there were no Guideposts at all.
But, it could happen, and it may happen to you.
Brewers today use corn, rice, and malted barley.
Then there was the General kissing his wife.
A cross-section of a normal lower human leg is shown.
He's writing to his colleague George Herbert Palmer.
The little Unsinkable sank almost immediately.
One of the beer-runners telephoned O'Neil.
One such man once confided this to Dr. Theodor Reed.
Marlin has made two contributions to the harvest of new offerings.
The frames are glued and screwed to this piece.
The storyline, in short, is wildly unrealistic.
Coolers are also rated by tons.
Burns and I had not loved each other.
Mr. Kennedy said, all we want is peace.
Sam would be amazed to find him gone.
Each time his objective had been the same.
These flaring parts really help to keep the boat dry.
It is experience within a closed pattern.
She came to me one day.
From behind her Means shot forward at a run.
To the directors the problem appeared a matter of intrigue or diplomacy.
Mr. Herman has managed to mix musical ideas.
His sense for rhythmic variety and timing is impeccable.
Even in normal experience one gets impressions without knowing how.
Mr. Balt is in control.
At six p.m. we went to the Kyoto Spring dances.
Families with children usually don't want the house quite so cool.
His grandfather is a Buddhist priest.
We can't expect any help from the fighters at Oregon, either.
Mrs. Monmouth thought of him as her discovery.
Prosperity is a worthy objective.
Men need unity and they need God.
It is "Defeat Into Victory", by Field Marshal Victor Slim.
Gratified fishermen hauled them in by the thousands.
These officers found no incriminating information.
And Mango owed much to Louis Armstrong.
Others added that Jon had wanted to turn the ship homeward.
The sufferer drinks tansy tea.
Gil suggested fifty dollars as fair compensation for a year's work.
To continue to divorce students from reality is inexcusable.
Unmarried soldiers carried on correspondence with sweethearts at home.
In the first place, it was difficult for us to meet.
Each has its peculiar style.
Swelling with importance, the old lady whispered confidentially.
They were even better than those of Tokyo.
All are well written.
He said he had promised Mrs. Borden he would return.
Yet even here many a problem is present.
He would never let her harm herself again.
A pond may provide adequate water for livestock and garden.
For God's sake, don't worry.
Morse's alibi was not as solid as it seemed.
What accounts for the rapid growth of plastic?
Banner is, of course, Banner.
Come on, you'll be late.
The games were over, this was life.
What do you mean?
"Blue Skies, Brown Studies" is illustrated with numerous excellent photographs.
In some areas, the progress is slower than in others.
Because your soul was made to be filled with God.
We grind, too, he said.
Clerks and postmasters shoveled muck out of their offices.
Then March brought an eighteen percent rise in net revenues.
What are my chances for taking Joe's place?
Esmarch was among those who witnessed Otterman's first demonstration.
The Secretary-General decided that it would be preferable.
Ontario's foliage is most vivid from September to October.
Neither had any interest in the deaths.
How about Bridget Sullivan? I inquired.
Why?
He was in Africa on a mission of peace.
Damned right, he said.
This serves twelve people.
Avoid puncturing or cutting into meats to test them.
Nowhere have I seen public expression of anti-Catholicism.
These men are not callous.
It will be recalled in his summation.
That is the kind of people they are.
Despite his personal distaste for obesity he is concerned.
I'll get it hauled away.
Alternate locations exist for all key command centers.
He and his propaganda started mouthing Communist slogans.
In this respect, boats can be compared with houses.
More than fifty percent of all lumber is pine.
This is the rate of projection.
No less an authority than the manufacturers concur.
I will not let your evil in.
Tsunami are rare, however, in the Atlantic Ocean.
The subsequent two-weeks wait made the crew quarrelsome.
He was one of the most prominent illustrators in America.
We found that three men can do the job.
The effect on the intellectuals may well be imagined.
He went upstairs to phone Crumb.
Nevertheless I was curious.
In a succession of scenes they appear in different guises.
Keep him back, if you must tell me what to do.
An expensive and specialized piece of machinery is needed.
Sometimes the solution comes in unexpected ways.
That's when he went to Professor Claude.
You talk so well, Carla.
He sniffed the air and licked it.
But why need one reply to everything and everybody?
It was a spleen-crushing day.
In addition to the paintings are drawings, prints, and illustrations.
The two events are taking place at the same time.
Some musicians were enthusiastic, some skeptical.
Diane sobbingly denied this to the court.
Yes, there was the key.
Means tried her first.
It was strange stuff.
To give up these notions required a revolution in thought.
We do know that Morse left the house before nine o'clock.
If you grow anything to sell you will need markets nearby.
More and more boats move overland on wheels.
I think it is rather foolhardy to trust to luck.
He has a glorious wife and many children.
I'm about to leave myself.
To generalize for the entire nation would be absurd.
He complained to me once that I must talk to her.
Compare the relative merits of the two courses.
Let this generation have theirs.
New members can become participating, growing members.
President Kennedy has asked that we become a physically fit nation.
One example is a secret fraternity which will coordinate efforts.
How quaint it all seemed the next day.
He was a fighter for those of his own party.
Our building time was slightly over four hundred hours.
Dr. Bonnor begins with a discussion of the relativistic theories.
During a 1933 tsunami in Japan the sea glowed brilliantly at night.
Conduct examinations, using a true-false check sheet.
He could only see the light.
Welch was on edge.
"But Fogg", they countered, "we can't get over there."
The horses moved at a clump.
Here was stored one million dollars worth of bonded whisky.
You ought to shake, Arlene advised them.
Colonel Frederick Lander will again make his break-neck attempt.
Its people are agreeable friends.
In appearance and construction it resembles the Johnstown Bridge.
Then why not the juicy booking you had held for us?
Is it that they don't care?
The warning system immediately went into action.
But what came in was piling up.
It depresses them.
These principles we have now set forth.
Here Keys and others agree.
The day wore on.
He sat down on an old box and focused on the problem.
Directionality is greatly exaggerated most of the time.
The majority then went to the infant Oberlin.
Whoever rises to the occasion walks a treacherous path to leadership.
Oh, I'm so delighted to meet you, she gushed.
He disdains external restrictions.
I'd drink with newspaper people.
She was rollickingly happy.
The material of the Porter film is simplicity itself.
He served as president of the Continental Congress.
Yes, I said.
Last summer John and Elizabeth Shell were in Alaska.
Mr. Rayburn was not an easy man to classify or to label.
Until the day before I had been Mrs. Salter's friend.
And how many of these were sons?
Hip-pocket tactics are going to be harder to apply.
That smell is something, eh, mate? the Australian asked.
What you see are self-help projects, John said.
I'm fine, Julie.
I should have stayed at the store, she thought.
Cut hole in base for cork stopper.
The girls, after dressing, were indignant.
About forty million people participated in boating.
But these comments are hardly printable.
He locked his equipment in a cabinet where it still remains.
The Dolley Madison House was scarcely worth preserving.
No one hears that heat and hot water are used instead.
Occasionally they would write to the slaves.
In front of him is a gold phone.
Mr. Vasco began shakily, with a voice that tended to wobble.
Last comes the retention stage.
It is a great spectacle.
There are sins of omission as well.
This is the most endearing of Lao ceremonies.
This was perhaps symbolic of the jazz of the evening.
It was a quarter to seven.
But the machine-quack can cause far more than just suffering.
Then he was sick.
He could see the stone building where he lived.
Means held steady one jump ahead of her.
The positive state came into existence.
The American newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office.
What can 10-year-old Susan expect when she enters the orthodontist's office?
Thenceforth, the commerce of Louisiana was free to all Frenchmen.
Mr. Crumb was laid up with a bad cold.
You don't have to watch what you say.
You must have been good at history at school.
The anatomical has been called jocular journalese.
Radio broadcasts, however, increased.
Then in 1893 Dr. William Jeremy Tucker became president.
She hastily complied.
Mr. Blatz was putting up the pegboards and starting the workbench.
He'll understand.
Lead the congregation in a response of welcome.
Nonetheless, they take time out now and then.
And he hasn't even got a knife on him.
Line barbecue fire bowl with heavy foil to reflect heat.
I'm a carpet salesman.
Two quick shots sounded.
That was his complete discussion of a possible suspect.
There is a vague adherence to the basic storyline.
He followed Mr. Blatz up the cellar stairs.
Some have beautiful gardens.
A couple of the males made good comedy, too.
First, Arlene had put them through some rapid somersaults.
Sad was not the right word, of course.
The meeting broke up.
The existing plant growth calls for thorough checking.
The victims of the quacks are frequently poor people.
It may be, of course, that Mr. Louis is right.
He knew a great deal about assassination.
Ordinary water tides are disregarded.
The confusion is not my invention.
I start growing rapidly and this calcium atom grows along with me.
So Mr. Crombie sat on a wooden box and talked.
But not hard for very long.
There was a long silence.
They are often ignorant as well as underprivileged.
She had vanished.
The bands were impatient, but they were the only ones.
He ended his public career as a two-term governor of New York.
These will be available at cost from our Plans Department.
That finished the job that Captain Chandler and Lieutenant Carroll had begun.
He could hear the footsteps overhead.
The students show some striking departures from prevailing models.
And the stories they told were true.
Oranges and grapefruit are shipped from Florida weekly from an organic farm.
How old is your working force?
It depends on the kind and the scale of the farming operation.
Sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man.
Camping is big and getting bigger.
There is still water in it.
These are supporting members for the short locking bars.
Half of the population of the U.S. would be needed.
Simple meat dishes are a fact of life in the U.S.A.
There was a man here in town.
Had he always wished to be a conductor?
His leadership was not for audiences.
Among the observers of the 1946 tsunami at Hilo was Fran.
Nevertheless, it may be helpful to cite one example.
Look at the sums paid by two device-quack victims in Cleveland.
Are you one of these?
In this way, red wine warms of itself quite rapidly.
He looked so comfortable being straight.
It was a clear night and it was raining.
He looked at the luminous dial of his wrist watch.
The savages divided into two factions.
A friend of my father's came to dinner.
You must be born again.
The newspaper boys cracked jokes and again Barco's pride was aroused.
This is not a mutually exclusive plan.
First, the girl's education has a lower priority than the son's.
Why is it so different in regard to birth control?
Why she doesn't charge him, I don't know.
What a nasty fall was there, I said.
It's really quite fun.
I can't help it.
Pictures of her in more glamorous days were on the walls.
You're leaving?
The big waking up had happened.
Death, have no doubt about it.
The participant was Professor H. Bondi, professor of mathematics.
In all the turmoil, some good legislation was passed.
She died on Memorial Day.
A refinement of this technique has been described by Turin.
The choice is up to you.
There had been an eclipse of the moon.
Mr. Blatz was already taking measurements for a shelf.
We also have an engineering section head.
He knew just the thing for her.
This cuts the absentee rate.
Wine is distilled from fermented rice in India.
All model cars are not available in all countries.
It wasn't his fault that these things were so.
The customer loses again.
Other nuts consumed in lesser quantity include the spicy nutmeg.
Nearly all the turnpikes show gains in net revenues during the period.
And the tone she commands is always beautiful in sound.
Rather, we see here another vicious circle.
What's happened?
She was quietly mean, and bitterly, unfunnily sarcastic.
Sales during 1960 reached approximately five million.
Your competition is now proportionately greater.
They aren't frigid and they aren't homosexual.
With a fork-lift, dealers can unload lumber from wide-door trucks.
This is an exact description of what he does.
She was frowning.
Decide in the beginning to put your barbecue equipment to work.
You read various guesses on how many Americans are camping.
She had accomplished a miracle.
Aluminum is highly recommended.
Ready to follow her impulse.
The intensive treatment program is working well.
I can't find it in the glove compartment.
It is an immediate reward of the experiment.
Your chauffeur's expenses will average ten dollars a day.
There's nothing that concerns you here.
So I started making some calls of my own.
Gilman is a former college boxer and veteran.
But the older and wiser heads had dismissed his warning as alarmist.
But it's too early yet to go visit Oakwood Heights.
He had found a depression with rain water in it.
Inside, bunks are framed up and installed as indicated.
Where did you go to school?
We had just sat down.
Does making your own clothes interest you?
I will.
Even plain people could afford a radio.
It was dedicated as a church in the seventh century.
The aborigine lives on the cruelest land I have ever seen.
She went ahead of him.
Mrs. Shaefer had been given a clean bill of health.
E stands for execution.
Do not let the wicked spirits enter your brain.
They're asking for union trouble.
So have the people's elected spokesmen at the state and federal levels.
But, at the beginning, this stayed just in the air.
Rachel gave me a direct, bright-eyed look.
The time of the motion picture is fixed absolutely.
It is also the rate of estimated speed.
Have you ever heard of Malay?
These gadgets are impressive to the gullible.
Almost any travel agent will reserve a car for you.
Good luck to one and all.
Later the doctor used mineral oil on the burns.
Then the lights went out.
This is one of the best-tempered Tar Heels ever at the center.
She said nothing until Peter had slackened their pace.
Finally, it was polished, following manufacturer's directions.
And this, in effect, means most of modern America.
Where there was no road, they lived without one.
To remove an insect from one's ear warm water should be inserted.
Bohlen was attacked when Eisenhower appointed him.
I guess so, she said.
Of course, the nonwhite listener does his share of television watching.
Mr. Louis has given himself the encore.
But she had to go out and hurt herself.
Then they had dinner.
Sometimes such people sense that they are being used, sometimes not.
"See that guy?" the operator asked pityingly.
The airman's stock answer to "weren't you cold?" became "yes".
The New York D.A. gave her another, The Golden Girl.
She might like to take him to Saint Peter's.
The final proof was a small incident.
She dashes around in alarm.
Boils have always been a source of much trouble.
Jon had made plentiful enemies.
There are problems in marketing methods with private label competition.
It is screaming at you even in the taxis of London.
Each feels intensely national.
He has to.
Arnold Lodley and Michael Perse were like the rest, lukewarm.
What they feared most was a leak.
It was a simple ivory crucifix which my mother had given me.
Palfrey petitioned the state legislature to waive the requirement.
It was a window.
His eyes are steady anchors of the deepest brown.
Many rate increases already have been put into effect.
Be sure to have plenty of frankfurters and buns on hand.
Rates for American cars are somewhat higher.
Fiberglass materials are available from Glass Plastic Supply.
Southerners see them all the time.
In three hundred thirty A.D., its name was changed again.
Perhaps a street musician will pass to add that extra touch.
John Bascom went down early, too.
I myself was one of the skeptics.
To her, peanuts and emeralds would have been just so much blubber.
How does Tri-State get its revenue from this plan?
The Lord is my light and my salvation.
A completely unstructured institution would be a contradiction.
Brooklyn College students have an ambivalent attitude toward their school.
We cannot consider ourselves educated if we do not read.
This afternoon let's take an air with them.
A curator has been appointed.
A good old iron compass, he thought.
No, that isn't quite fair.
Use white or buff clay, rolled to an eighth inch thickness.
It will improve your disposition.
He was very rude.
It is a quiet but impressive room.
I have never seen Caper off his feet.
It's so easy that there's no effort.
You realize you are getting in the old fogy class.
What's the matter with it?
She had disappeared.
At best only an approximation could be arrived at.
Mrs. William Long speaks after the Juniors are welcomed.
His best time is around two minutes, thirty-three seconds.
All panel board comes in standard foot size.
Then, feed preventive dose until six weeks after calving.
Welch wanted to know why.
But the problem extends elsewhere.
Score side edges of base.
And countless others like them have died.
It might have rained, any time.
The new birth is necessary because god is holy.
Let's look in on one of these nerve centers.
Some men have no talent for or interest in management.
Salvador saw the youth hold his gun against the head of the stewardess.
The burden of Mr. Wesker's message is about people.
Also spear pineapple chunks and place in separate bowl.
Most of the teen-agers I interviewed rejected it on pragmatic grounds.
This is drama enough.
Ellen St. Johns may fly in from the West Coast.
The first question is, would I like to live here?
One might say it that.
The number depends on who is talking at the moment.
This could also be used for any other skin irritation.
Her mother also was a person of superior mind and broad interests.
Parker was never excommunicated.
You can install it yourself.
How well can the site be developed?
She remained in Atlanta through June and July.
The typical U.S. daily menu contains too much fat.
Others look to more objective devices of order.
His tweed suit was a baggy gray and green.
But he knew.
Arlene became indispensable.
It changes the answers on when to do what at the site.
He did not let her talk to people.
Most come from the root cellar or from the freezer.
Don't close in your house until everything else has been carried in.
President Tull fired him.
Every Wednesday night through October tenth there will be a show.
Alvin Nikolas objects to art as an outpouring of personal emotion.
Mr. and Mrs. Stewart were puzzled and concerned.
The present issue in Atlantica is in hot debate.
For some significant new items see the pictures.
This circular edifice was constructed by Agra.
The American is very lucky if he has three.
It's the only copy I've got.
It wasn't until long after the war in fact.
The principal mauler, however, was Senator McCarthy.
Only public understanding and support can provide that service.
This is shown in the afternoon and on Sunday morning.
He was bitter and resentful toward her, personally resentful.
He was drinking another glass of water.
A suspicion was growing that Fidel Castro was a Communist.
Justice is a worthy objective also.
The police captain chortled.
They're followed by the front and rear bulkheads as illustrated.
The work uses the old pronunciation.
But that wasn't very funny, either.
That purpose has never changed.
He's more than a reader of outdoor articles.
Retribution indeed seems to overtake such jokers.
Is there any way out of the predicament?
You may do as you please with God now.
The question was where to land?
It must be planned and carefully developed.
This time, it was grand.
Serve the chili and kraut hot with the franks.
They, too, have fragments of the go code with them.
Candy is not allowed.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Minks, Arlene said.
I made plans for the afternoon.
What is more true than anything else?
Prick frankfurters with fork and place in sauce.
Those coming from other denominations will welcome the opportunity.
As for Donald, he actually sold paintings.
I thought he was the Air Force recruiter.
Then it was that the attorney Welch entered the case.
It provides identification with an idea.
Even the college professor in America has been affected.
He is in your hands now.
Mr. Kennan takes careful account of every circumstance.
A man and a girl happen to meet.
Start dropping those hints.
Some let dances take their form from the experience of creation.
And besides, you seem to make it all right here.
The unfortunate queen mounted the scaffold.
They look as if they had been sculptured with an unsharpened chisel.
It's people of your own kind, a girl remarked.
It is eminently successful according to all conventional standards.
Dreams present many mysteries of telepathy and clairvoyance.
The audition was held a few minutes later in somebody's apartment.
I'll get a pair of Italian shoes tomorrow, Carla.
He spent long hours before us spitting out promises of revenge.
And at his last commencement he announced his retirement.
But the final scenes could not be played.
The performances were assured, communicative and pleasingly informal.
Vesmen had been stunned.
Press the side pieces of clay into cavity of mold.
This is a warm-up.
I hated being dragged into the salons of these aristocrats.
He was fifteen years older than I.
He also spoke of Franklin D. Roosevelt's stupid assumptions.
You need more chlorine.
Milk production may be increased by the properties of this drug.
Now we are leaving humor and comedy behind again.
Meanwhile, three terrible forces were crystallizing.
We were sitting together, talking.
Unless her husband also desires sex, the act cannot be consummated.
But for this discussion they will be treated as one.
It is an over-all impression he strives for.
The motive may have been the mysterious quarrel.
The forces which survive the initial attack must be found and destroyed.
The night we first met was at of Mrs. Monmouth's.
Don't worry about fancy tablecloths.
The grant stretched southward to Lake Traverse.
Heat and serve hot on toast.
He would not look up.
Her roar changed to a growl.
There is only one trouble with this big, beautiful dream.
Our difficulty arises when either viewpoint shuts out the other.
The letters of the common soldiers are rich in humor.
About two-thirds of the boys now come from public schools.
There is tremendous emphasis on the five in the Chinese square.
At one side of the stage a dancer jumps excitedly.
Where are the writers to treat these changes?
In vying with him, Mr. Albert was still a perfectionist.
Use paper napkins, lots of them.
But there is a leavening worry also.
I figured he was sick.
For this was to be a proxy sitting.
The playing takes both sides of the disc.
Combine first nine ingredients in skillet.
His professional career began when he was twenty.
Some Catholic priests lecture there.
She played chess with him by postcard.
After a supper of sushi we visited a temple.
I'd love to audition for you, she gushed.
This month a million Guideposts will circulate all over the world.
The features of his face are distinct, but not fine.
Check fit of lid on jar.
At times pioneer children got lice in their hair.
The trouble was at least partly Jon's doing.
Hudson deposed Jon and cut his pay.
How long will this take?
One girl expressed what was obviously in their minds.
At Osaka, Mr. Yona had to leave us.
Susan Hackmann, age fourteen, took a first.
Mr. Papp has directed a performance that has verve and pace.
I found a radish.
"Bananas", Jennie had shouted each time.
Gas adds to the moisture load.
Talking with President John F. Kennedy was difficult.
It's getting interested in something that counts.
I insisted on taking the field and prevailed.
They're just restrained in their manners and feelings.
Do not forget this possibility.
The men were tired too.
Channing wrote this in a letter.
The frequency used for these experiments is fifteen microseconds.
Yet U.S. coal is cheap enough to make foreign steelmakers' mouths water.
See the drawings for the shape of the notch.
How many children did the King have?
He was closely followed by the Ohio and Indiana troops.
They indicate simple division, multiplication, subtraction, and addition.
Help is needed from dealers, at the grass-roots level.
The second step is to recognize the substantial agreement.
The symptoms Saturday night were unmistakable.
The part can lend itself to serious treatment.
"Ring Of Bright Water" by Greg Maxwell is exquisite.
I wish so much someone loved me.
Are they indifferent to the tragedy?
They'd rather have things rugged.
Some of the Island is sand and is not suitable for living.
Sore muscles were relieved by a salt rub.
At four a.m., the plane was about twenty minutes out.
Mrs. Child, true to her word, helped place Anna.
What's your profit margin?
The necessity of that day has long disappeared.
We were miserable.
Measure straight up from marked row.
Yes, I thought you'd probably be up.
All scientific staff members will have the title, research-staff member.
Morse's knowledge could indicate that he knew already.
These are the same factors considered by Non-Catholics.
One is an imperial London stockbroker called Jeremy.
"Much Ado" ends happily.
A cow rose from the ground rear end first.
He could hardly believe he was getting in.
They spread over an area no larger than Oregon.
The slaves were to remain as wage laborers.
It's cheaper to buy Wall-Tex and cover your outdoor table.
In the villages people lined up to give us flowers.
Our pools also have wide, shallow steps.
Restudy what your men do.
If you travel over the vast U.S.A., you will.
Two men can often do the installation in a day.
Even life in harmony with death.
Methods have been developed of assigning weights to statements.
This new force, love of country, has been super-imposed.
There is no one side.
He was passing through town and phoned to say hello.
There were no R.A.F. fighter squadrons on Bari airfield.
Publicity accounted for one percent of the initial contacts.
He raised them.
The meaning of the word is quite physical, to begin with.
She was in Egypt during the revolution and had passport difficulty.
Even the least alteration will change the quality.
Hendricks had Billy Mitchell on tenor sax.
It would be good for her.
That's the law.
This figure is important in insurance.
Bridget was born in Ireland, one of fourteen children.
The equation is used for the mathematical process of solving the problem.
There is one spot in Osaka I shall always remember.
It's all up in the air again.
That's sure.
Also have a Question Box.
Then Ella called to say they had decided to cremate her.
In 1936 he accepted the leadership of the Berlin Symphony.
Jerry observes the golden mean.
But even the contents of Wiseman's box cannot start a war.
Hiroshima is a better city than it was before.
Their eyes turned cold and accusing, even Ella's.
Wiseman, below, would listen in and act.
Is the sport really important?
It was silent in the stone alley.
I tested it.
Where were you? the daughter replied.
Others huddled under the trees outside the fence.
On the contrary, there are fewer colds and smaller doctor bills.
Everyone had heard of the American contractor who had spurned an escort.
It was a post of honor, held inviolate for him.
This will form the sugar bowl.
The view takes in five counties and two bedrooms.
Mr. Keo agreed.
Yes, Tom caught it in time to stay alive.
Weld contributed to anti-slavery convictions.
Any organism that misperceives the signals is done.
What's the name of his other leg?
I don't even own the house I'm standing in.
That's a lot of hard-earned money to lose, he says today.
These two basic malformations have, of course, many variations.
Mr. White is bluntly frank in his personal opinions.
He laughed.
They had honeymooned in Rome.
So far, the covers have never been off the boxes.
There are sixteen essays in "Blue Skies, Brown Studies."
This, in fact, it turned out to be.
There was no directive for it.
Two stories will illustrate what I have in mind.
The sexual relationship does not exist in a vacuum.
It could have the same effect on Communists.
Make sauces ahead of time.
These shifts will continue in the next ten years.
Nonetheless, they found common interests.
He was telephoning.
He had almost forgotten his dogs.
The rhinos would panic.
Very few wives balance the checkbook.
Askington laughed.
Yes sir, conferences become very popular.
If desired, sprinkle with one teaspoon drained crushed pineapple.
Long forks are good for turning potatoes.
Operations like this are the best chance to recognize scientific status.
Then it came, against Troop J.
What's the matter with the music? Moreland asked.
She was a clever girl, a most efficient secretary.
The dialogue is sharp, witty and candid.
This is what Porter did.
They train the mink and other animals to fight..
And getting them seemed a life's work.
You may lose your life.
Bari was asking for it, he thought.
What we did get, however, was impressive.
Some persons consider the work on a farm recreational.
Salted butter was another cure for bruises.
My mother constituted herself the voice of all of us.
I asked about the battle between life and death in his plays.
Incorporate in commercially prepared feed at proper levels.
They found a large welcoming group.
He has made it his, and his it remains, irrevocably.
Bedbugs were a common pest in pioneer days.
Not to anyone?
Grains have been used for centuries to prepare fermented beverages.
Geer is a difficult musician to categorize.
At times we can say that it was the major factor.
It is used to separate two or more numbers in a row.
In any case, such problems are hard to deal with.
It's a sort of academic ring-around-the-rosy.
It requires no further firing.
The service then splits it down the middle.
Only He can satisfy the deepest longings.
Some work with their hands.
Uncle John Vincent Morse was the immediate popular suspect.
Everything was in an exciting turmoil, full of anticipation.
First the Larks are ahead, then the Smiths.
Oh hell no, I'm not in a hospital.
Sex was both.
This accords with the study by Maier and Spanner.
Unless all gadgets are properly operated it won't work.
Congress is a harsh master.
It presumes both speed and endurance.
Perhaps that was the first thing to do.
If this was in fact Mr. Reamer's intention he has achieved it.
Now, you no doubt regard the preceding as pap.
This heightened the possibility that we would have a nuclear war.
Harmony in Laos?
She persisted in explaining how and why.
How clearly he saw the cultural defection.
The recent African outbreaks imperiled these solutions.
Harmony, melody, counterpoint, symphonic structure are there.
But his credentials are impeccable.
That was one time, the apple-tree time.
Better to have your equipment slightly undersized than too big.
Ronald took her with him wherever he went.
Soup is a pretty complete food, he says.
Part of it is, of course.
There was the revolution in Tibet which we pretended did not exist.
Businessmen will rise if Congress attacks the Commerce Department.
The hour couldn't change it.
They may say what they please but it's fun.
I am worried about the current meanings of the word funny.
Will the view be something you can live with?
Inevitably this means some compromise.
Jobs would be lost and new faces would become prominent.
Nature often takes care of the problem, says Dr. Brodie.
Everyone was very high on Rome.
Ultimately the U.N. army in the Congo reached top strength.
Everything must balance to the last penny.
Thus, whites or blushes should be very cold.
It was after seven o'clock.
Jon demanded that Hudson prove his charges in an open trial.
Laos is teetering between Communism and democracy.
Another identity crisis involves anticipation of achievement.
When dry they were fired.
After that everything should be simpler.
Mr. Wagner might or might not be a new Mayor.
At one time about ten thousand people lived there.
But it is more than that.
Salt water is still water, the same hydrogen is there.
She was staring at him.
Ask Mr. Keo.
Spear canned cocktail franks with picks.
Why the trend to plastics?
At what stage are social sciences then?
Home signals have two blades.
There are of course many Souths.
Well, really there is none at all.
All the flooring and the storage bin is half-inch exterior fir plywood.
It contains large amounts of protein, vitamins and minerals.
Sometimes it was to skirt a gulley.
Beckett's own work is an example.
He was on the verge of tears.
The 1960 census underscored the explosive character of the growth.
An estimate of one million dollars is probably not excessive.
It's fun, and it's easy.
This may help explain a phenomenon described by a small-town Jewish boy.
There followed a demonstration that tyranny knows no morals.
Or you can make pool care the price of swimming for teen-agers.
Who are the creative representatives of this movement?
He had no apparent comprehension of morality.
Clean wooden molds and presses thoroughly.
It was no longer fashionable to be seen with the Lady.
None of this is true for the Northerner.
Still another song is "Strike Up The Band."
Mr. Clark believes in a good full breakfast of fruit.
All musical Paris was there.
The breaking away from the prison house of Brooklyn is gradual.
But it seemed not from what they were saying.
They may be inaccessible later.
Fill a small hole in bowl with clay.
Rooney remained untouched.
The emptier our hearts become, the greater will be our crimes.
Another had ended before it began.
It struck me as a very bright and very malnourished dog.
What about transfers?
Mr. Balt's troubles are by no means over.
You know something more about me every day, don't you?
Neither me nor my wife were helped by that chiropractor's treatments.
Ambiguity arises when the pronoun carries a twofold reference.
Once I had a religious emotion.
Pete Dailey has four promising two-year-old pacers.
It's our health, more precious than all the money.
She frowned.
But the famous orator felt more than vague recognition for the scene.
There was a short pause for reflection.
Only two principal storehouses were actually established.
Finally we go into the farthest reaches of the Milky Way.
I know because this is my 37th year with hardly a break.
These, however, are exceptions.
Chandler had expected a tough old trooper with a gravel voice.
This can be obtained in forty-two-inch widths twenty-four feet long.
With our growth came expansion into new fields of service.
Mr. Killman fully deserved the warm reception he received.
Maybe you'll surprise yourself.
Get competitive or get out.
Rachel paused.
The army is too weak, too demoralized for the task.
Something had to give.
You can communicate in your own way.
One reel, from eight to twelve minutes, became the standard.
He was glad.
Arlene Saunders was charming as poor Kara.
The Unitarian clergy were an exclusive club of cultivated gentlemen.
They were accompanied by Anna Lee, pianist.
They had to act fast, for letters were clogging the terminals.
Went out scouting yesterday.
He proceeded with his task bravely.
It contains, in fact, their whole outlook on life.
The conversation apparently convinced Mr. Kennedy.
She had two tiny rooms on the second floor.
You've got to do something.
Ivan Tray will be the next soloist on February fourth.
The surface, however, was perfectly white.
Even Mr. Miller himself seems uncertain on this score.
We used the latter equipped with a carbide disk.
She is a beautiful filly and likes to trot.
The aging chancellor in all likelihood will be retired.
But she decided to stay at Spartan.
Approached creatively, it is a high art.
Glue and number ten screws are used.
I asked myself.
Lizzie, actually, never named any suspect.
He took her hand.
Sometimes they struck me as horribly over-arranged.
The need for lifetime reading is apparent.
What was the matter with him that they all wearied him?
Coping with them demands stern discipline.
Carla, wake up, he said shaking her.
The benefactor's vanity grew with his personal wealth.
Earthquakes result when movements in the earth twist rocks until they break.
Be sure your ducts and blower are big enough to handle cooling.
Mr. Nikolas has made a distinctive contribution to the arts.
It was all set.
The problems confuse even the experts.
On Election Day he energetically marshalled his force.
I knew all this, but I paid no attention.
For Castro was bringing Cuba not freedom, but hatred.
Our staff man cabled from Turin.
Dentton went vigorously to work.
I sleep with you.
He spoke no English.
By yourself? I asked.
You cannot get along without an adequate supply of pure water.
But in our case neither my wife nor I have been silent.
The Mayor is finding it awkward to campaign against his own record.
Kyoto is the ancient capital of Japan and still its cultural center.
The mule is honored at Benson, North Carolina.
The investigation will be well worth your time.
His eyes boggled.
What do you do at the park?
His legs were narrow and very long.
These will serve as lifting pads for the electrical contacts.
Each conference should be concluded naturally with prayer.
There were no words to say this but there was no need.
The family home was, in fact, a temple.
Leo fired Tull.
Applying these figures to the formula we get this equation.
Each state advisory committee documented its own activity.
This represents a gradual change in a social problem.
Boredom is death.
One Federal soldier wrote that the doctors were no help.
The exercise I shall discuss in this is the first of its kind.
That was nearly 13 years ago.
You know that.
This gives greater opportunity for the learning process.
I wouldn't be in his shoes for all the rice in China.
His urgings brought some results.
In Colorado, Boulder has its Fall Color Week.
I'm just finishing breakfast.
She was pale and skinny.
He never sees Negroes.
Mr. Rusk should also draw comfort from Jackson's recommendation.
But there has always been an outdoor air to Dartmouth.
Return to the standing position.
Then, in chronological order, Mr. White covers the primary campaigns.
The smell at first was more surprising than unpleasant.
The simple mechanical strain of overweight is enormous.
The first Metropolitan Opera broadcast is on December ninth.
Figure the cost of providing water to the use areas.
One does not have to look for distress.
I spade lots of compost into their bed.
He said she would only hurt herself.
He came with his son.
He has the magical eye.
This is the key fact emerging from Sunday's national election.
That world was in scale with my own smallness.
Redding asserted that the case had been heard.
Remove lid from head of mold.
Several of the movements were given a marked impetus by revivalism.
Discontinue medication forty-eight hours before slaughter.
In 1900 the South was only fifteen percent urban.
Where in Europe was he going now?
With its demise the time was ripe.
No political order is so clearly contrary to nature.
Don't even send flowers.
Karson focused his field glasses.
And why not?
Press the two sides into cavity of one mold three times.
Peanuts are the world's second most important legume.
The performances of the French Comedians are the best.
He was over six feet tall and very thin.
A system of gold, actually yellow, phones connects him.
Winslow had musical talents, as had his father before him.
Unfortunately his voice was out.
Remove all the loose spacing bars.
Dartmouth is today still a small college.
Let's go to the roof and see.
At a party an English intellectual asked me.
It seemed too much trouble even to reach for the switch.
I hadn't done a serious picture in almost a year.
This will reduce vibration and increase accuracy.
They are trying to demonstrate some different ways of teaching and learning.
They went with everything except knowledge of the country.
The order of fitting is not too important.
One who needed no such threats was a French banker.
That was up from six percent in the preceding ten months.
Unanimity on peace is not surprising.
Saturated fats can accommodate no more hydrogens.
This may be incorporated in complete feeds.
You may have to provide them yourself or get along without them.
But regattas are scheduled right up to Christmas.
There is some reality to this.
In 1945 he became conductor of the Buffalo Philharmonic.
There is a sharp division of opinion, too, and strenuous debate.
She's not chubby.
Back home his thirty-six-year-old wife cheered.
It is, moreover, a perfectly integrated ensemble effort.
Maybe you know him.
Logically, it should be moved downtown.
This happens on the grocer's shelf or in your kitchen.
New Mexico's biggest is at Springfield October seventh and eighth.
It can go in out-of-the-way waste space.
It's so much trouble, I don't usually bother.
Telephone communication was bad.
East Meadow has philosophy, psychology, and religion.
The citybred youth adopt this air without embarrassment.
It now means, in my country, homosexual, I said.
I wish I did, he responded.
It is still a college only and not a university.
Adult education courses are a vital community service.
The question becomes, what is a dream?
The most that was accomplished was losing Mrs. Beige's tray.
It took the U.N. three months to bring a peace.
She is one of the Japanese women one reads about.
Complementing nationalism is the legal principle of sovereignty.
The Communists wield a power unknown to Hitler.
Typically, they both lost more than their money.
How about them, I thought.
But everyone I met had sought cover first and asked questions later.
Is it all non-fiction?
The first one said, "he sure does shake."
Both men are known to be honest and public-spirited.
Regretfully Sam explained that he had no experience with boxcars.
Not that the picture is superficial.
One looked forward to Mr. Reamer's ninth book for sheer pleasure.
Not in the largest sense of the words, I said.
It is not program music, though.
The triangles automatically revolve in a cycle.
Everything possible has been scaled to standard sizes and measurements.
This, for the liberals I know, would be an understatement.
Except for the wine waiter in a restaurant all was quiet.
Perhaps you would like to become a writer.
Don't waste time.
First, most products tend to become more complex.
No one could dislike them, I thought.
They are non-conformists on principle.
She was Mary Lou Brew then, wide-eyed, but not naive.
We'll drop Mr. Rawlings off in Ardmore, Julia said.
The mature person is creative.
The Johnstown Bridge when first built was not covered.
I thought for a second.
Use mold to cut four side pieces.
So is the time of the novel.
But he's a welfare case now, a human wreck.
But she seemed to have underestimated the number of her boy friends.
It should not be postponed later than the next day.
Mary J. Packard was efficient.
Continuous administration is not recommended for lactating cows.
Rumor had it that his children numbered in the hundreds.
Mr. Lee has so far continued his policy.
Today the cancer is gone.
It was not a heavy, ponderous Beethoven.
This seems to have been the conclusion to which Orson was forced.
This became a dance called "Prelude To Flight."
Suppose, says Dr. Littleton, the proton has a greater charge.
Poetry for a Persian is nothing less than truth and beauty.
One's wine closet or cellar should be dark and quiet.
Tempos were lively.
She had, he informed her, kidney trouble.
The truth, the Eternal Truth, is not transmittable by words.
Francesca and Herbert were among the few people we knew.
Recess base slightly to allow room for stopper.
He walked in upon her invitation.
So manufacturers have pioneered a new type of vehicle.
Is that you, father?
She stood gazing at him.
It required both a quick and swift hoss and a darin' rider.
Prompt Time shows class.
Three agreed, but four declined and were suspended.
They have widely varying backgrounds and aims.
The most notable actress was Sarah Bernhardt.
Lucy listened.
What about me?
What's up now?
It was formally dissolved in 1912.
It never seemed to widen.
People appreciate experiences that demand something of them.
Was it an omen?
Who's in it? she continued.
It is they who read, and make, Jewish best-sellers.
But if anything can bring home the idea this can.
This is if outdoor temperatures have a high average of 95 degrees.
These foreigners do not vote for American congressmen.
He spoke openly upon what Channing had prophesied.
He continued as a popular lecturer.
Small antelope were generally grassed with one shot.
Traffic on nearly all the turnpikes has been growing.
It may be a bit cold when poured.
Do you yearn to make a fancy steak dinner?
Start on the knees in a large circle.
The large jar was brushed with Creek-Turn green toner and sponged off.
The landscape kept repeating itself.
Uncle George was trying to smile at her.
Asked who this was, she named Harrington.
That is why Dr. Brodie asks parents not to insist.
The following morning Mr. Kawa called for me.
There seems to be no purpose in life.
We were off again, rushing to keep up.
No, Bari was out of range.
Georgia has made some reforms, true.
Perhaps he has only forgotten a great deal.
The U.S. Rubber Company passes out a form.
However, the use of tripods is not allowed.
Space in any form is completely measured by the three dimensions.
What sets this programing apart from other radio shows?
We speak from varying viewpoints.
I have no religious feeling.
It was my first Communion.
He served as Commander in Chief during the Revolution.
Bill was one of those men who don't understand women.
Where sewing is concerned, I'm a total loss.
Speaking generally, it furthered our comprehension drastically.
Many things need to be checked.
She haunted me.
The choice is yours.
He preferred sleeping in bed with his head on a pillow.
Mr. Clark found that orthodox procedures of deep plowing were useless.
See Figure seven.
Dry studs cost less than three cents.
Let us suppose the Russians decide to build a rail-mobile force.
I nodded.
Remove jar from mold.
True, we're not all great artists.
Dartmouth's Winter Carnival is widely known.
We stand more in awe of one another than most people.
The term soon became used and applied to all stolen animals.
I like the tradition, a girl said.
It's an important clue to Washington thinking.
Don't bother Ida, she said.
Len is my executive editor today.
His interpretation was a model of refinement and accuracy.
All is not sex, declared Lawrence.
And it was the House he loved.
The hope was vain.
The key man almost certainly would be Wiseman.
Why art thou so late?
Place the locking bar in proper position and insert tappet three.
Everything was as I had left it the night before last.
We are stronger for it.
He had a short private talk with each adult slave.
She frosted the cake with the always reliable "Bill Bailey."
The firm is design-conscious and advertising-conscious.
Was it any wonder that I forgot?
Miami recently yielded a prior claim of eight million dollars.
The recommended level for sheep is two milligrams.
Then Mel Chandler started up the hill.
It may be incorporated into cattle creep feeds.
Heat thoroughly.
The bar is two and three quarters of an inch long.
Ant bites were eased by applying liquids.
It's only that I like to know where you go.
Hot-rodding is a science.
Tossing his rope and shouting he attracted her attention.
It realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form.
The horses were groomed to a high gloss.
Jones was galloping close behind them leaning down.
Good, replied the Senator.
Here I was accompanied by Mrs. Okamoto.
Physique contests are rarely won on muscle size alone.
Pitchers of water merely appear for guests.
American newspaper reviewers like to call his plays depressing.
For last-ditch emergencies he has alternate command posts on jet tankers.
Mrs. Clark, as house manager, planned the menus.
The policemen again started digging.
His heroine chooses to die.
A white man would not have seen it.
He turned his attention to the workbench.
In the first place, it's static.
That done, her work is accomplished and she ignores the plant.
Captain Chandler saw that it was building up strength.
Lake Michigan offers pictures which combine cityscapes with beaches.
Non-violence and good will of the people is essential.
Means spit and edged on.
It required strength, bravado, daring to commit murder.
Rarer still is a Mr. Universe of true Herculean size.
Albert S. Flint expressed his conviction.
The latter is what concerns us all.
The next time the police saw her she was dead.
Is everything a dream?
I'm not good at that kind of thing.
Mr. White is a competent novelist.
Franklin D. Lee proved a man of prompt action.
Bermuda was not in style that year.
Don't forget the joys of a meal on the road.
All can be connected with the gold circuit from their homes.
Each viewpoint is valid if it is organically related to the other.
That was the whole question.
In China, the magical system par excellence was Taoism.
The subcommittee is not alone in questioning the effectiveness.
The cross-licensing agreement became effective.
The planking is five-ply Weldwood Royal Marine plywood.
No one saw her except the man Ronald.
In all, the Senate signed a check for four billion dollars.
Montgomery believes that she started well.
Mr. Bailey's "Roots Of The Blues" is earthy and very human.
That's a big step toward a modern state.
Combine ingredients and form into patties.
For calves, feed not less than fifty grams a day.
Finally he asked, "do you object to petting?"
There's so little to do.
Derails are devices that actually guide the wheels off the track.
Outside of combat, he couldn't have landed in a tougher spot.
They were pushed gently into the room by Arlene.
But that is another story.
I turned away from her coldly.
We have two approaches for the technical man.
For Lark is already wonderfully contented with his lot.
Press clay into cavity of one mold three times.
Don't practice a new recipe on guests.
Place the hands in front of the chest.
As usual, Mrs. Crombie was standing.
He is now president of the Chicago Conservatory College.
Those who transfer their membership are no exception to the rule.
The jail authorities attached no significance to the episode.
The importance of loving tenderness is obvious.
Construction follows a thorough study of the drawings.
There are a good many of them.
At one p.m. a ramp was rolled up to the plane.
Somewhere, somebody is bound to love us.
The engineering provides exactly the support needed for such a result.
He said he had not heard of anybody else.
This conformity is an attempt to stabilize unstability.
Perhaps you are not His child.
There are slums in the country as well as in the city.
Of course, most toilets are Eastern style.
He conjures herds of deer, and wild birds crowding the air.
They had protested that that wasn't any surprise.
About the Pro Art's contribution I am less happy.
Mr. Mitchell had an excuse for losing.
The use of bulk handling is continuously growing.
Yes, Barbara was very, very sweet.
Simmons and Crosby jumped the boy and it was all over.
Attending the life class was my idea.
Victor Kalen was the conductor.
Some have plenty of money.
As for himself, he just didn't have the temperament for it.
Neither is adequate if it stands alone.
That is the hope of mankind.
You must have some security, said a young clerk.
The U.S. will try to get agreement among the countries.
Sometimes he would be up before dawn.
What happened is that Negroes want to be treated like men.
Check on the schools in the area.
I suppose because it saves them some loss of body water.
Side fences were hidden beneath lilacs and hundred-leaf roses.
Arlene's a good girl, my uncle remarked to us.
The dinner hour there was twelve noon.
They have never changed.
Mr. Kennedy had been informed early in the day of the attempt.
They wanted to see what his back felt like.
All are well distributed, not crowded together near the stern.
Suppose the radar went down?
The state keeps the junketeering list a secret.
Mason had to earn the privilege of devoting himself exclusively to painting.
Henry Ford spoke of me as utterly astounding.
Allied Arts had booked Marlene Doorman into McCormick Place.
Are those the only shoes you have, Sam?
Each year these shows have increased in entries.
All told, they offered a highly confused picture.
Use the air hose for this job.
If he becomes chancellor, Dr. Ernest would make few changes.
It was two feet long.
Mr. Upton possessed great intellectual power.
Go back to your lodges, he shouted.
Abruptly he reached into his pocket.
I couldn't feel at home among them.
He had a bakery make buns sized to fit his franks.
The sessions should cover four major areas.
Parents indulge their children.
He turned to his platoon.
He saw the suitcase, which Julia was holding.
It never worked, naturally, but it made her look unusual.
There was a divine justice in one wrong thus undoing another.
The deficiency diseases are rampant.
Los Angeles harbors 5,000 boats.
I can manage.
Light, especially daylight, is always bad for wine.
Continue to the Plaza of the Knights of Malta.
For one whole week he never let her stay alone.
How differently Proctor's life unfolded.
A year later in Albany a Roman Catholic hospital was sold.
Beckett's appearance is rough-hewn Irish.
There are two reasons for this.
Peace is a worthy objective.
His singing was strong and musical.
The council passed another resolution.
Please use canned chili con-carne.
Mr. Philip Torbee writes, for example, on Christian cults.
It isn't as expensive as most people believe it to be.
The radar station with the best location was still not serviceable.
There wasn't any such thing any more.
He liked children, in a loathsome kind of way.
And that's the trouble with so many artists today.
Look for a farm in a neighborhood of well-kept homes.
But the brigadier dines on the birds with relish.
Another, Arthur Singer, has won a Pulitzer prize.
Don't be discouraged.
He killed accurately, freely, and dispassionately.
One of Mrs. Kennedy's initial concerns as First Lady was the funeral.
It is highly educational.
We walked miles and saw various shrines and gardens.
Two friends were talking.
Kerosene was very effective in ridding pioneer homes of the pests.
Avoid doubling up on the same item.
First on my own list would be two arms.
It simply isn't, not by a long shot.
This makes six barbecues.
They adopted a program which divided it into five districts.
There had been raids on Naples.
So was my brother.
Then Julia appeared under the arch leading to the dining room.
I had intended to be there myself.
The church's cloisters are among his most beautiful works.
Zen maintains that cognitive things are only the surface of experience.
Retired engineers are retained and called in.
He felt so much like laughing.
You can count on me to do the same.
Jennie and Miranda twined themselves around me, murmuring endearments.
His tone is the weakest part of his equipment.
They say all personnel have spiritual needs which Guideposts helps to meet.
He made reference to two other concepts, nationalism and sovereignty.
The death removes the United Nations' most controversial leader.
You can catch up with him.
The children rushed off to get rid of their sweaters.
You cannot be saved.
After reading "Plowman's Folly" by Edward H. Faulkner, he stopped plowing.
Is it worth-while?
She was a most strange woman.
You need algaecide.
Richard Stewart is no special case.
They're an expensive English shoe for walking around a lot.
They began to describe in detail the woman's capacity for response.
He couldn't stop to analyze.
Among the highest-paid workers in the world are U.S. coal miners.
Of course his love was expressed in intelligent care.
Norman Paris has provided them with effective accompaniment.
This may be true whether the farm is owned or rented.
This girl soon drops the psychiatrist who disapproves of her life.
Add ham and heat.
She had chosen the spot well.
Even mobile forces must be found and destroyed.
And that's worse than sad.
But fatty foods do.
Do not overfill the chamber.
Nor does Senator Jackson discuss the delicate situation.
It's just the same, he thought, pondering.
And the sun was beginning to go down.
You can take it with you.
And so Mel Chandler got the spirit of Garry Owen.
The children loathed him, too.
He can be eloquent in a spectacular way.
Both techniques give the music purity and clarity.
Its abstract decor is by John Hults.
Then you'll want terry cloth towels for mopping up.
Finding sources for these high quality foods is a problem.
The other fellow had a thirty-eight.
It was nice to have something a little up-to-date for a change.
But now the dream was over.
I had a long talk with him.
Some things should be clear to both husband and wife.
He served with him.
An archery tournament will be held at North Falmouth, Massachusetts.
By 1952 he was convinced he would no longer spray.
We talked after I hailed his Jeep marked with the U.N. flag.
High Standard has also added two models to its line.
The recommended ten-milligram daily intake level should be maintained.
The result was a landslide for the Republican candidates.
Today it is up for grabs.
Usually there are more factors to good site planning than first impressions.
Majestic Pick comes next.
As promptly as Tusk, O'Neil jumped into bootlegging.
The result will be the same regardless of the order used.
Travel, if you can.
But I knowingly abuse their confidence.
They were no more in a hurry than us.
Their Eisenhower is insubstantial.
George walked steadily ahead into his entry.
For those affiliated with it the pool was a haven.
Mr. Goldberg says he's merely putting my neck on the line.
It had a festering hole as big as a silver dollar.
For thirty yards she gained rapidly.
Two of these were included in Palfrey's lot.
Outline plans for the entire service.
His eyes had the same dreadful rigid stare.
But I am afraid Mr. Wesker's meat and potatoes dish isn't alright.
Common complaints included Mrs. Murphy leaving her windows open.
This was war.
He came to the movies more or less by accident.
Timothy Palmer had general supervision of the work.
Roll clay to thickness indicated in individual instructions.
Like Mr. Lesser, Jerry Herman is both composer and lyrist.
This gives you a wide and varied choice.
I know what you mean, Moreland sighed.
For many readers Thurber comes closer than anyone else in sight.
We went into Mrs. Monmouth's library.
They do not have to face battle.
The Egyptians are noted for elusiveness of language.
The Church expects certain things of those who become members.
Their hit-and-run terrorists spread fear of ambush and death.
Opposition leaders have no further comments.
The bodies must be cleaned and seats wiped off.
Then trim the excess.
Serious, yes, but there is also much laughter.
This would give the hydrogen atom a slight charge-excess.
They had to be told that one.
Tap these for mounting the electrical contact later on.
I find this view amazing.
The answer was plain.
It is definitely a spiritual guidance conference.
The group is superbly trained.
Rachel clasped her hands together and slowed her pace.
A program note reads as follows.
Mr. Clark still has to use chemicals with potatoes.
Pattern for inner lid piece fits inside J.
Too many husbands worry about how well they please.
I opened the window and threw the radish out.
Mrs. Kennedy shows a determination to change all this.
But fathers often addressed communications to their small children.
I'm terribly upset, she told a girl-friend.
They were personalities.
I am merely a channel for something.
Musman was on deck.
From where I sit it looks more like a nightmare.
She worked very hard.
Bare feet are better for such work than any form of slipper.
A growl, a nod, was usually enough.
They saw completely masculine, virile men performing with incredible grace.
The new U.S. Assistant Secretary of State observed Africa.
But this time she was nervous.
The symbol for multiplication is an x.
Workers usually think more of a plan they contribute to.
I stood up and began pacing.
There was a fellow named Blatz over Smithtown way.
Here is where things stand today.
Either way it sounds like a sizable hunk of money.
The plan was supported by the counsel.
A beginner's shotgun has also been introduced this year.
She ran from a little group of us.
It was too bad he wasn't a Catholic himself.
If I am not to be Mrs. Salter I am nothing.
But Oakwood Heights is unique in one particular.
Here some innovation is attempted.
He was walking across to the bathroom.
High Standard has introduced the Sport-King.
It is hardly possible to emphasize this too much.
There were others who climbed flagpoles and refused to come down.
When the first sprinkling of green appears I remove the board.
This reflects the very heavy engineering content of the products.
Make creamer the same way.
Tampering with the Post Office may infuriate every voter who can write.
That'll get you started.
The panels will stay up until they are replaced next summer.
Parker meant business.
Sometimes, as at this juncture, he did not.
It wasn't very funny.
The Kennedy Administration doesn't favor import quotas.
Colors of cattle came in for their special names.
Leo complicated the mission by initiating wars.
If God could do that, He could do anything.
Careful, now, Jones warned.
Perhaps George Rawlings would be better off dead.
We live in the bright daylight of that great event.
Nobody could have told why.
Susan is the only Junior who has done this.
It's quite a big one, he added.
Witness the haste with which modern man lives.
It also urged that the U.N. eject him and prevent his return.
Nothing like Gordon, he arrived before the hour.
They were sincere.
U.S. warships appeared off the Dominican coast.
She lived alone in the older part of town.
She really is a dear little thing, my mother agreed.
This colt is another fine-looking horse.
This difference is made up of many factors.
Their heads were in the air sniffing.
In November they made a raid on the harbour.
Both had eager and inquiring minds.
He was waiting.
Did Mr. Raymond understand?
We put a light mulch over the seedlings.
Join the four sides together first.
The actor had had much to drink and apparently became very violent.
Taking first things first, let's understand the sport called gymnastics.
Orders were given to dig.
If most of them weren't exactly specific it's too bad.
O'Neil tucked away his gun and walked out of the theatre.
As for materials, I use the best available.
Solder it and the five locking bar spacers to the frame.
In America, such self-deception has served a useful purpose.
Mr. Goldberg has less reason for missing.
Before he was forty Griffith had created the art of the film.
Watch closely while browning them, as it doesn't take long.
The reason and the day of grandfather clauses has long since passed.
Here they are, with my comments and judgments.
I now felt it wiser to keep Baby-dear in school.
The meter is mounted high on the basement wall.
And next year we will do a Ford commission.
The industry has been its own watch dog.
It is permitted.
He was a gentleman of the old school.
Cover and simmer, stirring occasionally.
Locate their positions in Figure seven.
There are also other factors that require closer examination.
His English was usable and he used it fearlessly.
They bring their families and tents and camp kitchens and bedding.
An exhibition of Evelyn Cora's paintings will open.
They are two good colts of different type.
The Japanese want to increase exports to the U.S..
Such disks are very handy for cutting and shaping small parts.
Technical efficiency is achieved at the expense of experience.
Church membership begins immediately after the commitment is received.
Ruger reported on his recent African safari.
State is expected to arrange the touring Crishman's itinerary.
This is clear to the manufacturer of the convenient product.
This vacuum formed sign is comprised of plastic.
Public sentiment for conserving our rich natural heritage is growing.
Mr. Wallenstein will lead all of the concerts.
Yet it is not only Europe the play refers to.
Simmer about 10 minutes, and keep warm for serving.
This is an exciting young actor to watch.
Mr. Truman has only to recall the hopeless campaign of 1948.
U.S. coal is cheap, despite high wages.
With the group of boys it is different.
How can we make sense of this division?
The Taoists were Quietist mystics, who saw an unchanging unity.
The maid demurred.
He was the official procurer for King Faro, now in exile.
One person recommended to me washing the wart with sulphur water.
These are not governmentally subsidized organizations.
Stardel looks quite promising.
Gatlinburg, Tennessee, is the center of this area.
I like them.
And thus far, Mr. Freeman has offered very little relief.
Jack Frost is not really responsible for this great seasonal spectacle.
Problems in the market create price-consciousness.
I won't be long.
Put cut pieces on plaster board to dry to firm leather-hard state.
The Greeks recorded several catastrophic inundations by huge waves.
Books are not the only resource of the system.
Bend handle and press scored handle ends firmly in place using dowel.
Now the Bascom was mortally wounded.
At exactly 7:30, he felt a fluttering object brush his face.
It was on the eve of a momentous U.N. session.
The soybean seed is the most important bean.
Otherwise, they will march blindly on to certain defeat.
Beauty is borrowed from afar in one of his best essays.
There seemed to be no excuse.
As mentioned before, bone reflects the sound energy.
This recording surely belongs in everyone's collection.
Slim is striking in description and amusing in many anecdotes.
A farm provides a wholesome and healthful environment for children.
It's a tough combination for the U.S., Secretary Homestead said.
He frowned.
Anybody who is expecting a joyride should go.
That is reserved for the squares.
There wouldn't be much demand for it, I'm afraid.
Plank the sides first with glue.
She was limp and beaten from her loss.
But in what do you have any choice?
The highest waves, fifty-five feet, occurred at Polo Valley.
"There's something here" said the digger.
They came out and held their games and races.
What has impressed you most on your present visit?
It was said that he had a vision.
Have the class lie prone.
The latch is on your side of the door.
The beatniks crave a sexual experience.
Regardless of the decision two facts are clear.
Photos showed later that she'd been about six feet from Means.
In the office you might have thought them only casual friends.
How about the art of cooking?
You don't step on the flowers, do you?
Or does the reason for less Jovian drawings lie elsewhere?
Technically it was fascinating and dramatically quite realistic.
I wanted to paint again.
One of the finest of artists' oils comes from poppy seeds.
Arthur Gordon comes once a month all the way from Georgia.
Again, the composer must select his own materials.
Coaching was in his blood.
Nothing at all, he said quietly.
Long live Tobacco Road.
It isn't transparent enough.
It's fed to dairy cattle to increase milk production.
They left the three-quarters together and finished almost together.
Mrs. Shaefer practically shrieked.
The British Government will have to decide.
The power that Boonville exercised cannot be determined.
I learned that he was a holy man.
It means so much to her.
This removes any wine's character, and drives its fragrance underground.
Francesca was pleasant and charming, but Barbara was sweet.
John nipped her rear end.
The carrots sometimes don't make it through the winter.
But Mr. Henderson does not go straight to any point.
The Department of Agriculture averaged out U.S. food consumption.
I eat too much eggs and pork.
Then the heavy roar of a lion.
They, too, have links with the city's ills.
She looked as if she were accusing me of some fraud.
Firearms International has introduced another import from Finland.
A gray fox with a patch on one eye is he.
Once I get out on the flat I do.
More than half the audience departed.
He turned the beam of his flashlight on it.
The code specifically bars hard-liquor commercials.
One or two were writers of books.
This paralysis may be expressed in the female's anxieties.
The common spices, flavorings, and drinks make up this group.
Ambulances, baggage trucks, and cars surrounded it.
The one way to get around them is to ask for a recommendation.
Her thoughts were a little strange.
You need tongs to handle meat.
Those were the ones that other grownups laughed at loudest.
Many of the roads also were hit by an unusually severe winter.
Arlene was boosting them up when the policeman came by.
Dartmouth's favorite and most characteristic recreation is skiing.
The world that Beckett sees is already shattered.
The gals can sun themselves in the roomy aft cockpit.
Brooklyn College is distinctive for not having an official drinking place.
No, Millie, I'm home.
Experts say the partners in marriages like these can almost be typed.
William, who lived in neighboring Saint Mary's parish, had left.
Vital questions would be answered according to a preprepared agenda.
Mr. Kennedy sent a message along those lines.
In 1960 India nationalized its sectarian schools.
As the onion decayed, so did the wart.
Mrs. Arlene Goldberg is the wife of the Secretary of Labor.
There was no question of that.
Like hell he'd wait.
The fabric was dark.
It may be fostered by frustration, depression or insecurity.
What have you got on today? she inquired.
I don't have the answer.
It just got longer and longer.
Many of them have drifted into the cities and towns and seaports.
A lot of thought went into storage space construction.
Girls couldn't have dressed like that.
You will come up with a frightening total.
From there on, each Junior was going to be judged individually.
Most of the others will swallow their three dollar charge.
Farm workers had their wages cut almost in half.
He sold perhaps three or four a year.
We started at nine a.m. to visit the Kyoto University.
It was in the air.
He bravely attempts to face this alternative realistically.
In child care, the opposite extreme prevails.
All right.
He was a member of The Fighting Seventh.
What time was it?
Musman bellowed to his Italian crewmen.
Some plants go overboard on one type of fringe.
They will also supply literature on application.
In narrative, time is essential, as it is in film.
About half of these are exported.
When the cowboy used the word tailin's, he meant stragglers.
It is but so-so.
He entered the hallway.
Brief Candle has gone.
Communities have suffered at the hands of the productive interests.
He applied the applicator extending from the machine.
And the subtleties of the dialogue are most helpfully conveyed.
It is mankind's wistful yearning for a world of justice and peace.
Painting isn't this big, you know.
So it is spiritually.
I turned to look at the jeep.
The help and sympathy were forthcoming from everywhere.
One of the blonde's yearnings that he satisfied was for travel.
The concept remains subjective.
But let us not be mistaken about Confucian virtue.
We did it for three days.
The Afghans invaded.
Those responsible included Stardel Hanover.
Mr. Cunningham makes use of this also.
White pepper is the ground seed of the common black pepper fruit.
Eat in a restaurant or motel mornings and evenings.
This seems like a large order.
Mr. Kennan sums up his judgment of what went wrong today.
A comparable manufactured boat would cost three thousand dollars.
The mouth frequently breaks into a disarming smile.
His fellow-countryman, Ivan Storm, certainly did not.
She submitted to his treatment with the capsules.
I wouldn't have missed it for anything.
I write about Northern liberals from personal experience.
The value is of the products you can raise on it.
He didn't know how she would behave with other people.
You cannot go to heaven unless you are saved.
Lines came out neatly and in good balance.
For how many years or how few does it last?
Labor restrains undue brutality toward the Labor Department.
Her upper lip lifted slightly.
You do? he asked, between wheezes of laughter.
Actually, it was inaudible to anyone not expecting it.
They called Him a devil.
They have little esprit-de-corps.
I'd wind up full of bullet holes, he said.
And this was before he began to play his beautiful jazz.
Are there other, cheaper techniques that could be substituted?
Shipping cost is also reduced.
Harold Strang was an expert in switchgear design.
They fought for control of the government.
Miss Pons is certainly not seventy.
Dr. Bonnor holds that the universe is expanding.
Every decision was made quickly on sound grounds.
It separates two or more numbers.
Ella was in the parking lot when I went outside.
It was a nice day, granted.
So I went about my business.
Not all the paintings, however, are of cities.
It was in them that Miss Lydia was at her best.
The congregation is first and foremost an economic peer group.
What do you want, a hundred thousand subscribers?
Then it is replaced and fastened.
Dr. Whitrow functioned as moderator.
His bandages seemed on fire.
The time would have been shortly after the murder of Mrs. Borden.
Now big forces buffet food.
That is the play.
This word was from the Spanish, meanin' polecat.
The need for service is here to stay.
Now for the good points.
Yet the idyll ended.
Even the Distilled Spirits Institute has long had a specific prohibition.
He thought a moment, then inquired, "you mean petted?"
Sixteen panels make up twelve feet.
In some low-speed situations, the distant signal is fixed at caution.
Drill a hole from one end and tap.
Olivetti took over Underwood, the U.S. typewriter maker.
Olivetti had a special interest for Hodges.
On the other hand significant facts may be concealed.
Hydrogen is just as plentiful as uranium is scarce.
Israel was passing from crisis to crisis.
Something is wrong when these things happen.
Satellites, rockets, balloons; what next?
Generally, these locks on turnouts are called facing point locks.
Van Warner recently returned from Russia.
Research growth studies have been carried on by orthodontists.
Later the Huron office made it December eighth.
On November eleventh racers will drive their flying shingles.
Smilin' Mike was the nickname Washington gave him.
Such stretches have an inhuman moonlike quality.
The analyst is apt to be too honest to fit in.
And I was curious about the African reaction.
But bring it right back.
So was the audience.
Captain Jenks of the Office of Harbor Defense was very upset.
Cut a notch in lid for spoon handle if desired.
I arrived at seven a.m. and by nine a.m. I had finished.
Consider the following illustrative instances.
On May eleventh, she reached Iceland.
Why didn't that alarm me then?
There are almost no stories of the industrialized south.
That's a peculiar way to think.
The third and fourth waves seemed to be the highest.
Its origin lies in the Selden patent controversy.
George remembered seeing the door open during the night.
I'll take you with me.
It is their job to think about the unthinkable.
See page one hundred and fifty six.
We all feel guilty.
He urged her to buy one of his machines.
What plastics to use?
In the well-fed U.S., deficiency diseases have virtually vanished.
There was no lock because Herman didn't allow a lock.
But they were not what distinguished his performance.
Yes, Arlene is her name.
To his amazement he reached him.
In New York, a Roman Catholic hospital was closed.
This shouldn't surprise the secretary.
The slim boys are in harmony with the meandering Mekong River.
Look, for example, at the Ohio Turnpike.
Today it is occupied by the French Embassy.
There was one more call to make.
He believes that anything can follow anything.
The different steps will look like this.
The symbol for subtraction is the standard minus sign.
Italian police described it in a manner typically continental.
He had style, a real inner vision of his very own.
That upsets me more than anything.
The waves may keep coming for many hours.
Furiouser and furiouser, I said.
Hudson was free to sail on.
Some pleasant fall cruising country is mapped out below.
They would attempt to bring supplies from Saint Louis.
But our two Jeep mates were cheerful.
Drill a hole, tap and insert a roundhead screw.
Ben Franklin said, "clearly spoken, sir."
It increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency.
This must have been Hudson's blackest discovery.
You think the Russians are getting ahead of us in comedy?
The typical picture at this time is one of steady improvement.
She's a year older than I am, Lucy told herself.
General requirements for land, labor, and equipment are discussed below.
Humor found many modes of expression.
All evening she was eloquent and pleased with herself.
Is this the type of citizen you desire?
He and Stephen planned a great parade with the young men.
Roast on grill over coals for ten minutes.
Let simmer for fifteen minutes.
There were fences in the old days when we were children.
It reminded me of others.
Lee renewed his pressure on Mrs. Shaefer to buy his machine.
She was terribly alone.
The Soviet Embassy is a Russian espionage headquarters.
The left will follow at once.
We live from crisis to crisis.
These carriers cut handling costs for the dealer.
Figure 8 gives the dimensions for locating the dog-pin holes.
Use slip to join scored piece.
His friends were numerous and their ties to him were strong.
They reached Fort Douglas in June 1820.
We spend millions of dollars every year on fortune tellers and soothsayers.
The heat and strain began to tell on the Bears.
The new mate was Robert Ballot, talented but inexperienced.
Many of the new appointees are art collectors.
The noted psychologist and sex researcher agreed.
He knows that the economy of life in the outback is awful.
You can ignore Him.
If there were only darkness, all would be clear.
Assign a series of questions to be memorized.
Two late Sonatas were played.
The way MacArthur said his line was classic.
Other capable soloists included David Clifton and Joseph School.
See panel three for a comparison.
She was rested and could mount a charge.
At least he could buy the equipment for his workshop.
The basic unit of religious organization is the parish.
"Come, come", Jim said, jollying Lucy a little.
Labor troubles are infrequent.
The wages of sin is death.
Yet this cannot be proved.
Her fellow townsman also experienced a nervous breakdown.
He relinquished her hand.
He felt nothing further need be said about the servant girl.
Miss Sutherland first sang "Lucia" at Covent Garden in 1959.
He's not worth shucks.
Mr. Barcus spoke on the subject of scholarships.
Peter was gazing at him in an insolent, disdainful fashion.
Both concepts are undergoing alteration.
Here was a cause she believed in.
Robert E. Lee represented the dignity needed.
It is a nuclear pacifier of huge dimensions.
Truman's dictatorship had been along right-wing lines.
How large a cooling unit you need depends on several things.
We'll take them in the general order of their popularity.
Well, for ten years I've been murdering women.
Some library boards are wary of the plan.
He also likes Hampton Hanover.
The Chickasaws were the principal source of trouble in the Mobile district.
No one here pokes fun at manly virtues.
But slowly they take over as Alan Dillon.
There is unceasing pressure, but its sources are immediate.
How much head start?
I know this worked.
It's year-round, and everywhere.
For example, groups regularly canoe down the Connecticut River.
The Market, like it or not, is a singer's opera.
The captain was gone, and the mate was gone.
The ship halted.
They're not even food.
Improvement can be measured by the lessening distance between toes and head.
We are worried about what people may do with them.
The flowers will be huge.
There are many varieties of coolers and they serve many purposes.
We have learned a lot.
I'll take that, Julia.
The value of products from these industries was sixteen billion dollars.
Her statement certainly was true.
No less ambiguous was the talk of a sermon.
The Belgians, at least officially, departed from the Congo.
Had we taken care of our state park?
Place jar on plaster board with lid in place to dry slowly.
We've been out in five-foot waves and stayed dry.
They need mulch.
All Southerners agree that slavery had to go.
Self-criticism is a rare but needed commodity in Congress.
This is my town.
He was staring at the blue china lamp left on beside him.
My uncle looked at Mr. Gordon.
Mr. Blatz agreed that this would be pretty.
The press reported the same facts.
Mr. Crombie couldn't remember his saying any such thing.
They are many and varied.
I never heard of a poll being taken on the question.
Both he and Bridget were cleared by Lizzie herself.
Then, they had to get up and be General Burnside.
People come to me with confidence.
Cap with a bar and tack-solder in place.
Here Mr. Yona met us after a three-hour train trip.
The fans of the musical applauded too.
O'Neil's reaction was, "three hundred dollars to them bums?"
Parker could weep, and he wept astonishingly.
Don't you know all about me by this time?
He barely knew himself.
A bee's place is in the hive.
It all went very well.
There is always a market for this line of work.
This is the kind of chest that invariably wins contests.
This is a fine trip, too, on a good day.
An ex-fighter was introduced to her in a bar as Mr. Warfield.
He had taken her all right.
The name means one who has a home.
I found it fairly depressing and emerged almost immediately.
Suddenly, however, their posture changed and the game ended.
There's some kind of evil haunting his footsteps.
Some are used in paints along with drying oils.
Headquarters gets about one hundred requests every day.
She stood, once more listening.
The easiest way to do this is with a conversion chart.
Such a little thing to start with, the car registration.
This makes today's aircraft a one-shot, or one mission, weapon.
Here's how it can be built.
Consult with a reputable wine dealer.
Founded in the Ninth Century B.C. it was called Byzantium.
Some people object to this in my writing.
Beer, fermented from barley, is an old alcoholic beverage.
What does the camping couple do to this set of figures?
Oh, that's wonderful, cried Mrs. Crombie.
I am not a philosopher.
Inevitably, Mrs. Hull died of starvation and tuberculosis.
It was Dolly and Mrs. Thaxter who were calling Ella.
I think it fair.
My mother was deeply religious.
The years suddenly fell away at this point.
Mr. Palmer will attend to any applications relating to the bridge.
Yes, you can do this.
Well, Jeremy and his wife Pinkie have left.
Set your bathtub before you close in the end of the bathroom.
American audiences in particular learned two valuable lessons.
That had been how she imagined it.
This room was like a prison.
An actor must have discipline.
There is clear evidence that Lucy from childhood had an unusual mind.
If there were only the mess, all would be clear.
Relishes are vital to the success of the frank.
These will be drilled and tapped later on.
There is danger in trying to make assumptions.
In fact, during the first century B.C., there was extensive literature.
Some of their figures of speech were colorful and expressive.
She developed another quaint habit.
At once he started to glance toward the instrument panel.
America has divided more than she has united the West.
These men were for the most part educated in our best schools.
The horse and men were saved, but the oxen drowned.
You might give him sort of a tactful nudge.
He traveled alternately with Mr. Kennedy and with Richard Nixon.
Occasionally they return for additional training.
Tell Sam not to worry about the car.
His intrigues gained some successes.
But it is not really only a conversation.
An atom is small.
The whole production this week is fresh and lively.
For three years he was connected with the U.S. Navy.
The collector enjoys the contact with rural life.
The equipment won't take up valuable space either.
I had a rather small place of my own.
My grandfather had been stoned because of his editorials.
That's in the opposite direction.
Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.
Previously, actions were used for the larger cartridges.
It is hard to see how the situation could be otherwise.
They're worry warts.
Mr. Crombie poked at it gingerly with his foot.
Means spun and spurred.
The American dream was compounded of many strains.
Several of the replies to Mr. Torbee are without conscious malice.
None of us was aware that the biggest fight was still ahead.
But it isn't.
The need for reupholstering and repainting becomes more infrequent.
You never are late for work and seldom absent.
She is owned by Ralph H. Kron.
They were a little late in getting home.
More often than not he would bow to the inevitable.
He even makes the city look like one of Thoreau's hangouts.
From his shoulder bag peeked the seven-inch barrel of a Luger.
I was chairman, the only not youthful participant.
Jerry is the religious hypocrite who courts his benefactor's wife.
No, I forget Mrs. Mathias, who had been away visiting.
He had shut his door with the brass number screwed to it.
These are but a sampling of the insults I endured.
On some of the islands' beaches the waves came in gently.
What to do about it now that he was President?
Today's campers want comforts, and they have them.
The pony was sidewise to her.
"Garry Owen" is the battle cry of the 7th U.S. Regiment.
I think so.
Three associated graduate schools offer professional curriculums.
Use a textbook with assigned readings each week.
And the Smith's are more than willing to buy it.
Dr. Bonnor supports the idea that the universe expands and contracts.
Peter's driving me.
Pitch it out.
I reconstruct his sentences from notes made after our conversation.
This applies to repair work of winter storage.
Are you paying too much for your truck insurance?
Complete power not only corrupts but it also attracts the mad.
Who are the victims of the device quacks?
All could help the President make his decision.
He was very funny about the whole thing.
A certain number of people are docile.
Press clay into mold as instructed in General Directions.
Mr. Parry resisted the temptation to over-emphasize.
Nothing was found.
Government research will look into new products and methods.
But she heard him go.
I'd like to see you dance nude.
Boys will be boys, and Texans will be Texans.
We must determine whether missiles can win a war all by themselves.
Insect bites were cured in many ways.
Part of the ritual of sex is the use of marijuana.
Also, salt water fish is on the table once a week.
She let him lead her around.
He could certainly talk.
She was a living doll and no mistake.
Are your people still alive? he asked.
The important point is that both be satisfied with the adjustment.
She went to the father and found he had hanged himself.
Give each new member a certificate of membership.
He let her tell him all about the church.
After a day at Nikko, Mrs. Kodama put me on my own.
He believed in making inspiring speeches and he made a great many.
Obviously Sloan's early years were influenced by his close friend Robert Henri.
The moral is "don't transplant it any oftener than you must."
Distractions are hardly helpful to Oscar winning performances.
Superstition has often blended with fact to color reports.
Corroborating Mr. Hodges' figures was the Federal Reserve Board.
These systems are more expensive than year-round forced air systems.
You may save valuable production minutes with a change.
Eve was disobedient.
This is the Model two.
You may recall that we printed your article.
How much study is required?
Christ is both unique and universal.
It was not candy wrapping.
Just about to call a taxi.
Repeated efforts were applied to solve the problem.
No one came.
How can the vicious circle be broken?
Perhaps it is not fair to mention some people without mentioning all.
Thus, there is an added incentive to stay on the job.
In November of that year the bridge was completed and opened.
That was why he hadn't been able to finish the porch.
You may find a conditioner rated by horsepower.
We have heard about seeing Mr. Dodo's work.
One such wife became disgusted with her husband's docility.
He had long black hair and a wispy beard.
Each could be the real thing.
Some formulas contain constants.
Front teeth meet when the back teeth close.
No bottle pool is tolerated.
Surrounded by ancient elms, the campus is spacious and beautiful.
Many adults showing at Westminster today are products of this Class.
They were, in fact, children.
She is even prone to regard the college girl as immature.
Apple trees grew there also.
Just listening to him made me feel intelligent.
The Belgians were reluctant to withdraw their troops.
No woman can ever completely monopolize the sexual initiative.
But that is a cliche and a dishonest one.
Drill two holes in the insert.
An Albanian wrote that General Henry was an ignoramus.
The walls feel slippery.
The engineering as such never obtrudes upon your consciousness.
Some of the classic indicators are described by Drs. Pitts and Stanley.
My husband is in great pain.
The plant near Turin has a modern layout.
Some of Curtis' playing strikes me as finicky, however.
It was poison gas.
Mrs. Reaver's work is written for the stage.
And that she proceeded to do.
McKenzie was as happy as a clam.
The young chief stared at the wall of his lodge, listening.
In an instant he had sucked it dry.
Mrs. Freight shows promise.
The self-realized saint possessed superhuman powers and magic.
Would you like to grow exhibition pansies?
There is non-fiction and non non-fiction.
Using a portable grill permits you to toast the buns.
All the bars are cut from brass.
The cooling coil is located in the furnace's outlet.
Now cut five locking bar spacers.
In this case he has made the alternatives clear.
Enough, was the answer.
It was much the same with pleasure boating at first.
Sponsors may sit with them also.
Rachel threw up her hands.
They were always denied.
Somewhere in Mrs. Reaver's play there is both protest and aspiration.
He had what was described by a psychologist as a sunny brutality.
George did not reply.
Later on, the children told her father about somersaulting.
This costs from fifty cents to three dollars, but the cover can pay damage.
They have not been friendly for years.
I want nothing of Ella's.
From the terraces rose broad flights of steps.
The West is leaderless, according to this book.
Often he was terribly despondent and talked to no one.
The late W. Baker was a pioneer in television design.
Moreover, she had physical as well as mental vigor.
Mr. Kennan has recently abandoned authorship.
I guess you know about that.
It's up to you to protect yourselves.
The Great Train Robbery is a one-reel film.
But the East would object anyway.
An isolated case of quackery?
Richard S. Allen is the authority.
Mr. Foy is a joy, having learned his dancing by practice.
The clients boarded the tallyho at the Palace promptly at seven.
He tried to see her face more clearly.
Wagner Sign Service, for example, supplies them.
These fundamental ideas are vital to both.
The disasters of 1825 to 1826 caused more to leave.
He is too deeply steeped in Faulkner and Warren.
Where should I go?
I waited.
Hudson's reply was to accuse the mate of disloyalty.
But they wish they could bring it back.
Here again God will know his own.
His movements and speech are precise, clear and quick.
The water splashes into shoulder-high tracts of fernery.
I wouldn't want to ask for a postponement.
I said, "Mr. McKenzie, it's as authentic as possible."
Please, you just go ahead.
It lies in institutions.
Enemy reinforcements came pouring down, seeking a soft spot.
How are the roads?
Mr. Gordon looked down.
Keep the legs straight and the toes pointed.
What steps have been taken?
More attendants, nurses and doctors should be hired.
Many have an inability to identify independently.
They're all being used on offensive missions.
Last year Susan also placed 3rd in the Finals at Westminster.
The air, he said, was just right.
We could see maggots moving.
Condensed versions of famous novels and plays were presented.
At that time Jennings had a young law associate.
Buy all-purpose mugs or cups.
But have you told Mother you were going? she asked him.
The new birth is necessary because all have sinned.
Welch was worried.
Why should Ella have it?
The camera's jammed.
Means edged closer.
You look like a tweedy Englishman.
Higher costs of advertising and promotion should result.
I suppose it is because we are just not big enough.
Actually, you can take no special credit for this.
There was no weapon Early could not take apart and reassemble blind-folded.
He cited Heine and Stendal as favorites in literature.
And she would wink and throw kisses.
I know him.
It is not a mess you can make sense of.
I, frankly, can't draw a straight line.
Rock music was played in Carnegie.
Efficiency was enforced and nothing was left to chance.
Yet he walked like a young man.
In the end we ran into Communist artillery fire.
There are even publications called sick and mad.
He played host at the Timex show already mentioned.
Avoid attic placement directly above a bedroom.
Vice-president is Louis Berkman and the secretary is Mark Ritter.
He says he don't want no trouble.
Today he is a major in the Regular Army.
You are one of many.
Askington was a kind of goal I set myself.
The following have been found effective.
Perhaps, as Mr. Freeman says, American agriculture may stop.
They threaten to strike.
Today Northern Vietnam is overtly Communist.
That's the General's horse, one of them cried out.
The Del Campo's offered them biscuits with the coffee.
What have we to show by way of counter-successes?
This program is now nationally known as Teen Hunter Clubs.
No divinity will hold still for that.
There are two sides of a coin for this decision.
It was General Burnside's horse running in a circle.
The formula has the fractions converted to decimals.
First, the Lord is my light.
Ahead were perilous, ice-filled waters.
He was laughed off the screen.
The policeman's eyes rather popped for a second.
But who cares, when the lady sings?
Still, it seems in the far future.
The social consequences of this affect the entire area.
None of the real-life therapists involved could conceive of it.
The progress reported by the advisory committee is real.
Journalism supplies us with an endless run of such slips.
The holdings embraced twenty-five percent of the industry.
He gave his life for his beliefs.
At first Barco was evasive and shifty.
Our respective families looked as if they had quadrupled.
And this is what all too often happens.
I woke up this morning, Moreland said.
Outside Saint Sophia I walked through the flower garden.
Prolonged vibration is also undesirable.
Two places designed for public enjoyment are now on display.
Menshikov hit Washington with a hearty handclasp.
He stood up.
Like Eisenhower, he holds the militarist's suspicion of politicians.
Carroll diagnosed Mrs. Hull by taking a drop of blood from her.
So the vile cargo went into the hole of the John Harvey.
The balance is being budgeted for the coming year.
Operating side by side, together they helped shore up the nation-state.
She urged the importance of more thorough preparation for admission.
The worker who lives on a farm cannot change jobs readily.
Will somebody please reopen the Auditorium?
But the discussion was academic.
The highest rated engineering title is research engineer.
Mr. Blatz sat down in the only unoccupied kitchen chair.
Vegetables are served liberally.
Florida provides tropical scenes unequalled in the United States.
Conformists look good.
I just don't want anyone disturbed, Julie.
Lots of cheese made from June-grass milk is served.
In this work, his use of non-color is startling and skillful.
The Jewish working girl almost invariably works in an office.
Kennedy made a midnight inspection of the Square.
Anyone for musical ping-pong?
He didn't know anything about the problems we face today.
Barco was clearly a nut.
It was a strange relationship between Joan Fulbright and himself.
I love you.
There have been attempts to teach management of camps.
This was her place.
The dome of the church is outside of Saint Peter's.
Does she often speak of locations, of cause of death?
The Lincoln was parked outside.
He peered at his wristwatch.
The highest position is known as a research scientist.
Now reassemble the frame, using roundhead steel screws and nuts.
Plastic signs are economical.
It means that you have to get ahead.
Julia moved past.
For Jenks knew that Bari's defenses were made of paper.
Comedy didn't die, it just went crazy.
Off Grand Isle, yachters often visit the towering oil rigs.
Richardson wondered when it would be unloaded.
Fall River is not a fashionable town.
Sporting firearms changed, markedly for the better.
They are the chief supporters of civil rights.
The remedies have been many and varied.
Such talk is seriously in error.
The suggestion is naive.
A cattaloe was a hybrid offspring of buffalo and cattle.
Mr. Clark believes firmly that fruit is the best snack.
But don't worry.
It, along with Nara, was untouched by the war.
What targets still remain to be hit?
Plexiglass is used in the cabin.
Did he appreciate my efforts on his behalf?
The headsman swung his axe quickly.
Rest with my darling Ellen, the first Mrs. Salter.
This will be a problem in areas of heavy snowfall.
Better minds than Hale's were, and still are, convinced.
Man is at once a social animal and a form-creating being.
Wine waiters are something else again.
The pattern for the circular base piece is ten inches wide.
But Wiseman, too, does not know the go code.
There are three Indian brass deities.
She never got around to joining the thousand or so who were had.
The advantages are both physical and psychological.
It doesn't drown out the dialogue, I explained.
No economic system is so clearly contrary to nature.
They were asked to leave the hotel.
This is the answer to the problem of membership delinquency.
No doubt such a thing would be considered unpatriotic.
Unfortunately, the purely synthetic problem is the rule.
Where was my flashlight?
And Carla, watching in wonder, turned to Sam.
I followed them in the jeep and now they did not care.
Another remedy was oil of castor.
Feed not less than five milligrams.
But I would never have thought of it myself.
The strong feeling is certainly there.
His plan and intent were clearly charted.
That parallelism affects his picture of man's disobedience too.
I'll just wait for you here.
He still stared over our shoulders at the horizon.
Each week an estimated twenty million patients call upon us doctors.
This shows typical arrangements of track and signals.
Coffee breaks can be a real headache if not regulated.
That helped a lot.
They not only think and feel cliches but live cliches as well.
No, he was indeed a saint now.
What does he have in mind to do when he graduates?
Those who are sexual deviants are naturally drawn to join the beatniks.
He does not.
Sounds exactly like last time.
Outwardly, the city is calm.
Several were born in the early decades and persisted throughout the century.
She had never been here at this hour.
There are no consequences at all.
There is no formal equivalence to the supervisory ranks.
She held out her hand to show that she had money.
Vermont's sugar maples are scarlet from September to October twentieth.
Lucy was a lively part of the household.
The danger lay in the delusion that nuclear deterrence was enough.
This we might well witness.
This two-part bridge is best described by Reverend Timothy Dwight.
Casualties have been running about a dozen men a day.
Urge them to write out their questions for the box.
The land and improvements might bring only five thousand dollars.
Discussions with family doctors prove otherwise.
They're buying fun and adventure and family experiences.
The kid had a forty-five automatic.
Gambling is everywhere, especially among students.
Hello, Julie, how are you?
Pi is used in formulas concerned with the dimensions of circles.
You had to go with 'em.
Mayor Robert Wagner must assume control.
It is not their avoidance that rankles.
The Corinthian Yacht Club launches its winter races November fifth.
Deck Cadet James Carson had been there.
Animals consuming feed daily receive two grams of Dynafac.
And nobody knows what comes next.
Apples come from a farm in Vermont where they are not sprayed.
Mrs. Child had apologized.
Be sure all members are parallel, vertical and level as required.
That's my wish.
American history should clinch the case when Congress is asked to approve.
This does give relief, as I can testify.
Fury and Caper did it with ease.
Did you go to their funeral?
That tap had a slight bangish quality.
Some live in small apartments.
The man was D.W. Griffith.
O'Neil's reply was a rowdy laugh and a flat refusal.
Not his poor mother's fault.
These conditions are unobtainable.
One was demonstrably false.
There is a bitter satire for a future writer in that.
It took me five hours to write it that way.
There was no such thing.
The suggested course of the A.I.D. was based on the usual course.
John Westbrook says in his article that this is so.
It doesn't embrace only the artist, alone before his easel.
Would you advise us to act the same way?
Thus we are compelled to face the urbanization of the South.
Any special photographic requirements are also given.
They ran for three hours.
Then his son did something.
How right he was.
Sam's sixty-five years had reduced his value to one hundred and fifty dollars.
Mr. Killman's approach to the concerto was bold and sweeping.
Mr. Nixon is a broody, moody man.
We have no answer as to why we are not alarmed.
There is probably a moral in all this about mind versus heart.
Mrs. Long still sees the same unique spirit of Westminster.
The quantity of water flow may be critical.
Tell Mr. Gordon what you're doing these days, my mother advised.
It was an excellent concert.
I'll see you Wednesday.
I couldn't tell one from the other.
Man is not confined to one outlet for his vital energy.
Say that again, she pleaded.
The buildings are mostly Georgian.
What I find appalling is the American attitude.
But there are also the commercial propagandists and the analysts.
Someone has remarked that this is certainly the ultimate in reducing.
He kissed her back.
A very casual, pleasant program.
Palfrey consulted with Carter M. Clay.
What is this something?
A remarkable substance, says Dr. Keys.
The tower cleared the plane for take-off at eight a.m.
Go to a reputable grower, preferably a pansy specialist.
The demonstration of his power was never flamboyant or theatrical.
Serve on buns.
Don't try to wrestle a tub through a narrow doorway.
All services are given without cost to members.
The secretary based his assessment on the upturn in retail sales.
To swim is true athletics.
The ruddy complexion of the faces also brings comment.
In the solitude of sleep there had been no loneliness.
It was a worker.
A better world may yet come out of Hiroshima.
Privacy must be highly assured both in time and place.
This is a serious-minded interpretation.
She is a regular stub and twister.
Of course the factor of head start made all the difference.
Think, for example, of the spirit of the Marine Corps.
McNamara is the scholar-businessman.
He was all of these rolled into one sturdy figure.
He was the funniest man.
She never hid the fact that she liked to play.
Do you hear the anger of the whip's whine?
Prokofieff's outlook as a composer-pianist-conductor was brilliant.
That became their home range.
They have to be.
He must begin, paradoxically, by becoming more selfish.
With classical art, all is settled.
It provides loving care for the sick and troubled.
It was the first jazz he had heard.
No one patted the dog.
And of course Lark has just the thing they want.
He went on to use objects for art.
This is a highly speculative venture.
Per capita consumption remains around sixteen pounds.
Above this point there is no generally used parallel ladder.
Now a dentist can recommend extraction immediately.
The domestic tentacles even extend to the choice of a major field.
An internal police operation was managed by Scott McLeod.
But they kept on clapping for a long, long time.
Mr. Crombie watched his wife with an anxious expression.
Last May, they said, she admitted being a prostitute.
The U.S. Forest Service cares for hundreds of thousands of campers.
For these and other reasons orthodontics is useful.
The local and the foreign are one.
But it was small consolation.
The plight of a small community library is proportionately worse.
Each mode is believed to have a specific attribute.
The key word in my plays is "perhaps."
She could do no wrong at the tables that time.
I am not doing anything, of myself.
Horse races took place here in the Middle Ages.
Overeating is often the result of a psychological compulsion.
They are full of contempt for the institution of matrimony.
Two unsolved mysteries are based on these facts.
Mr. Kennedy, Mr. White believes, had mastered politics.
Who knew about it?
My Pittsburghers have become real addicts to Mahler and Bruckner.
This machine will cure your cancer-ridden body.
This keeps it cool and moist and protects it from birds.
They were becoming confused.
And yet a year to a child is an eternity.
Every detail of the service merits careful attention.
Mr. Cunningham tries not to cheat the chance method.
The rancher was navigating his way across the flatland.
I am a magazine.
He was right.
It has come on with a rush in more significant areas.
Atoms now let us see where this power comes from.
Think continentally, Hamilton counseled the young nation.
Gilman started talking to him until he saw his chance.
One cubic inch equals sixteen point three cubic centimeters.
Read the next two verses.
Yet during the same period there were one million additions.
This is nothing more than a dash.
He threw the lasso.
They're just something you're supposed to put on cereal for breakfast.
For drugs are in themselves no royal road to creativity.
Tobacco Road is dead.
Here in these little rooms are open stages and theatres.
Many food and beverage companies are already on a highly planned basis.
Strange, but true, authenticity and realism often aren't related.
He had promised cheaper housing.
This kind of cooperation is not wholly new, of course.
The variations are not too great.
All this has not, however, been an unmixed blessing.
Postmaster General Day must deal with matters of fraud.
He'll have no difficulty, I was told.
The great sea to the westwards was a dead end.
We printed it.
Dow says that the fluid can be used now for two years.
In fact even the larger letters weighed only five pounds each.
It must be awfully good for them.
Perhaps these writers have been too deeply moved by this romanticizing.
It was they who held the future in their hands.
Take your pick.
Instead they learn their dissection on the bulbs of plants.
What's the cost?
Joan, did I wake you? he asked.
Bridget testified she saw him leave through the side door.
Best not to get everything at once.
Every prolonged sex relationship is unbearably monotonous.
The answer is a new era.
The charge for a complete job is one thousand dollars.
Longwood Gardens is near Kennett Square, Pennsylvania.
And there is also something intangible that hovers around the table.
The pilot radioed El Paso Airport with just that message.
The Jackson report will provide some of the political support.
Dr. Hilton was uncertain as to the language used.
Each trip saw the front cockpit filled higher with mail pouches.
He cited the elephantine dimensions of the Selden case record.
The wildly erratic nature of Leo caused constant problems.
This was in the period since the end of World War Two.
This way of describing the matter is unfortunate.
He's about sixty, now.
Mr. Salter came home.
This is the familiar system of cosmic government.
His treatment of it is something else.
Most of the gain will be in self-unloading vehicles.
Contact with him is stimulating.
One arm represented our bombers and missiles, the other arm theirs.
Productivity of U.S. miners is twice that of the British.
These efforts were rare because he normally did his counseling in private.
Standard items by Sara Stein and Sean Clare completed the program.
Almost every film from Hollywood is physically authentic.
Richard Tucker sang "Edward" in glorious voice.
Then how about the Civic Opera House?
Each performance may be different.
She was biting into a small red radish.
One is not more true than the other.
He has recovered, but he is, justifiably, angry.
He is particularly vulnerable to diabetes.
Hard physical labor and undesirable hours are a part of life.
It was erected on the site of pagan temples.
The so-called noble experiment came to an inglorious end.
The right will land first, followed by the left.
Among the boys, there is very little bravado about drinking.
Then I cover the sowing with a board.
He is a dull, unformed, and aimless person.
Can't you get another pair?
Some have very little money.
Be sure to get a few more than you need.
There is ample employment opportunity for youth.
It happened at the Saint Patrick's Day party.
His bel-canto style gave the performance a special distinction.
Catholic priests attend tutorials there.
In general, Mr. Lesser has done a more consistent job.
They're not dessert.
Seeds grown for industrial uses hold a relatively minor position.
Nor has the training been enough in relation to the need.
Then came the scientific revolution in the late 1920's.
Makes eight sandwiches or four servings.
It is growing in numbers.
The stage is constantly full of them.
But today there are signs that these roles are being reversed.
Did many of Sam's countrymen live in boxcars in the bush?
We cannot, of course, assign it any substance.
I have a thousand things for you to do.
He does, and more.
They picked up sticks and hurled them at the girl.
They came in waves.
He knelt down at his bed as long as he could kneel.
Walter was giving me checks.
A motley pack, chosen for effectiveness, not beauty.
It has a beautiful opening.
A blue suit, he answered.
Sesame sticks, a snack dip, originated in the Southwest.
Then see that your youngster has a routine checkup once a year.
God withheld His wrath.
Labor fights to change its collar from blue to white.
Or you could wish your daddy would really do it.
Around the table sit Protestant, Catholic, and Jew.
Forty miles farther north is Mount Moose, Dartmouth's own mountain.
Place on rectangle of foil and pinch edges together tightly.
At once the whole band set off at a lope.
Dancers do have flexibility.
Here, Proctor became a workman in the vineyards of Socialism.
That would reduce neurotic ailments tremendously.
She will sing "The Sleep" here next week.
There have always been tales of disillusionment.
Those souls like to wander off, and must be called back.
Provide a name card for each new member.
A meteor could fall on San Francisco.
What comes after Truman is now the puzzle.
Mr. Cray gave the slow movement the same quality.
She's not plump.
But for the beat generation all is sex.
The minister was Norman Vincent Peal.
I'm not saying it right.
How will they stand up?
He suggests that Gore Court embodies all the glories of Tudor splendor.
But he had mistaken it for bugs.
He didn't even ask the cost of this collection.
He is going sound again now and looks good.
There was an air of revolt about the children.
Many an old-timer swore by the saliva method.
Now can you tell me who was drunk.
They wanted to touch the mystery.
Numbers separated by addition symbols may be placed in any order.
Tobacco was common first aid.
But this eminence was not without its weighty responsibilities.
What they are after is the beautiful vision.
I'm going back to school, she answered.
Sam, no one around here wears such heavy soles.
There are other basic rules.
In fact, the search is almost more important than the find.
That will fetch the gang and tell the Colonel where we are.
Miss Giles always used to refer to her as Sister.
This season in Pittsburgh also promises to be of interest.
Okay, men, he said.
No?
Up to date, she is a grand-looking filly.
There was no compulsion behind them.
Never seemed as if it would really happen.
All these provided a welcome breath of change.
Police did make an attempt to check on Morse's alibi.
When it is needed, one formula is as important as another.
Secretary and Mrs. Dillon have contributed pieces of Empire furniture.
Come on now.
I suffer from mixed feelings.
Clayton called to him and he came slowly down the steps.
"I think maybe you're right, Schaffner," he said.
"Have you seen him yet?" Benson said, referring to the Indian.
He became a fellow of Jesus in 1629.
He was fleeing, running, fleeing his death.
Did Mrs. Buck have any men friends?
Du Pont's counterproposal was filed on May 14th, 1958.
But General Grant may have been self-victimized.
"When you gotta go, you gotta go," Mrs. Forsythe said.
Boxell did not have the chance to grow up graciously.
I was angry that my father was being burnt alive in the mills.
But I have just thought of one thing.
But if you say you managed it, the stranger was hooked.
He could feel it on his face and in his hair.
All I want is a picture with a few lines.
Get up, Crouch.
His academic duties had little evident effect on his prolific pen.
Alfred knew that, too.
"One thing," he thought, "nobody knows about it yet."
And that's what he did.
Curt was in almost as bad shape, but he wouldn't quit.
A forefinger pointed toward his gullet.
"I'm a mess," she said, and suddenly she was alarmed.
Hank was beginning to feel sharp concern for Mr. Black.
Fuss, fuss, old man.
"I'm starting to itch," she said.
I supported Cleveland three times and Bryan twice.
Her hum became a gurgle of surprise.
He was jailed and banished.
He stressed the wild beauty of the mountains, and the jungles.
Finally, the gyro-stabilized platform characteristic is represented by F.
Fine.
"The snake was beautiful, wasn't it?" asked Keith.
I found his chest in my sights.
Glad to see you go.
"No," Wilson said.
He stretched.
Appropriate experiments showed that this is, indeed, possible.
"That's right," I told him.
"Well, okay," Buzz said.
He stared stonily at the floor.
Griffith raised placating hands.
Brian Thayer had a downtown address.
Hal gasped, and he said, "A divorce?"
He put it in his own pocket for safekeeping.
He reminded himself that all eliminations were tentative.
He cleared his throat and wet his lips.
Don't press your luck, badge-toter.
Greece is not yet suffering from overpopulation.
He had no idea which was up and which was down.
"It's within a hundred of what Crip had," he declared.
A lighted lamp stood on the table that dusky, drizzling day.
I'll take a little time to think it over.
A faint crease appeared between the man's eyebrows.
Down the tree he scrambled and knelt at the edge of foliage.
But there's no way off the Point except through my road block.
Fear and relief mingled in his churning emotions.
Dean turned from Susan and took Julia Fortune in his arms.
Haney managed a weak laugh.
And we are positive of so few and suspicious of so many.
I smiled.
A rush of panic caught Sarah.
I wanted to help so that we could find time to play.
"Me," he said merrily.
He hung up.
How about you?
I'll bring you the cash.
Also, that Mr. Ferguson was here.
Each initially contained seventeen hundred J of buffer.
First are the observational reasons.
He opened the inner door.
"You, Mr. Nelson?" he asked.
But I meant what I said, Casey.
He's used it every day.
He threw out the hi-graders.
But the other activities of his life partook of these values.
"You want to keep this job, don't you?" he asked.
An old weakness for burrowing in records rose up to tempt him.
He broke into a dogtrot, breathing heavily, streaming with sweat.
Are you hungry?
Her chin sharpened.
He got a small fire started and put on bacon and coffee.
"All right," he said.
As I said, they were both painters.
Halting, Pat turned to survey him deliberately.
I'm not exactly jumping up and down with enthusiasm.
Each was told to purchase material if he felt like it.
During the year 1959, we granted three-hundred Fellowships.
"Don't bother," Mike answered.
I got into the front seat.
Bake cursed.
His head came up and he said it defiantly.
"There is no story," he piped tremulously.
I didn't mean to pull so hard.
He stood up and touched the girl's arm.
He always looked impertinent and he could look dangerous.
Conrad had tried to make him believe.
Blowing can be of two types.
He wouldn't even dance with her at Gavin's party.
Billy returned with six sticks of dynamite.
I was thinking about that.
I get up early.
"Just me," Mike said.
"You first," I said.
Felix is all there is.
Finally, it may have certain very important, less obvious values.
He could never be satisfied by surface.
After a moment he extended one hand, the fingers curled.
However, the differences in procedure are fundamental.
After Mr. Jack drove away, Winston went on looking out the window.
Gloom receded.
A drawing of the structure is to be found in reference six.
But he was homesick.
His grand-daughter sighed.
Bricks are an alternative.
But you've got to know both.
I am with you, of course, Tomas.
Ernie stared at the man.
He sat up and watched as they pulled themselves over the stern.
And there is something so wonderfully romantic about it all.
He shook his head.
Between individuals, this process is called bargaining.
How would you ever see her again?
Dr. Gregory was another.
I'll do anything for somebody I like.
I followed him out through the lobby to the street.
Andy did not see the newspapers the next day.
But didn't they get off too easy?
However, one does not need to know very much.
At the door, Dave paused to feel for the latch.
Grab a taxi.
Come inside now.
But this is fully answered by United States verses Nugent.
Frowning, Miss Ada studied the list.
Conrad's words had intellectual meaning for him only.
I'll be waiting for you there.
But I do my best for you.
At the prearranged time, Greg started the engine and taxied out.
All his people ask for is no more war.
I got a bone to pick with you, Mr. Paxton.
Here comes Jason.
But at the coroner's inquest Delphine told a forthright story.
"Oh, you!" she announced.
He made fresh coffee.
"That's the stuff," Curt said.
But simple involvement is not enough.
How can a cat be thin in a fish restaurant?
He and also Mr. Cowley and Mr. Warren have fallen.
"Oh, I'm sure I could do that," Maggie said.
But that is too simple, and won't hold up.
He had it all doped, of course.
Any other reaction would have been reported instantly.
Here they would lie in suspended animation for many years.
He looked thoughtfully at his wife's trunk, holding her meager treasures.
His experiments and therapeutic work lie in this area.
He nodded at the door in front of him.
Fiske joined them, unsteady on his feet.
He held the razor well out to one side.
I am not familiar with the expression.
He opened the door and got out.
Aunt Mary died when I was doing my military service.
He regarded her with rising hope.
"Hold your fire," Montero was shouting.
"Only one thing," Mrs. Roebuck continued.
District Attorney M. W. Mills warned that he would vigorously prosecute.
He set his bundle down.
His end is ridiculous.
Have you got enough blankets?
"How do you like it?" she had asked.
A good day to you, my boy.
He remained young at heart, with an overdeveloped sense of humor.
He had lunch with Pauling.
"What will we need outside, Ryan?" Ekstrohm asked.
All right, Crouch, we're on even terms.
Hey, come back, he shouted.
According to the medical examiner, she was shot after eleven p.m.
He was holding out for something.
But they are optimistic about their prospects in these regards.
Help me up, Clay.
Every woman in the block has tried that.
Brakes shrieked behind us.
Cleaned cloth must be protected against the redeposition of dispersed soil.
His mouth worked over the profanity, the obscenities in his vocabulary.
He stood up to emphasize his strong feeling on the subject.
Anything the enemy flew or floated was his target.
He's got the tightest running gear in the train now.
He hardly believed his reason himself any more.
And Grey's Northumberland background was close to his own.
He started to struggle up, heaving desperately.
"That's right," Robinson said.
Billy Tillman and his comrades rode off to the battle.
Actually, none of these papers says much directly about field techniques.
Each trial consists of choosing a student manager at random.
"Cool," I told him.
But I wouldn't have suggested it.
He jumped up and turned around to see the metal door closing.
Each seems to strive for elimination of the necessity for the others.
Government itself was based upon contract.
He filled me in.
Belton, take the one on the right.
Eber L. Taylor of Manchester Depot recorded the setting of phone poles.
He rode low on the mare's neck.
Barton's voice was rougher than Dill had ever heard it.
Dan grinned, and changed the subject.
Another struck him heavily in the thigh and he went down.
"What's the matter, honey?" she said.
"Thank you," she said, dusting herself off.
But the correlation is substantial only among upperclassmen.
He would not carry a brief case.
He would not ride the eight-thirty local to the city each morning.
He waited a long time.
He hit the radio button.
Against that other man he could rally his anger.
Digby was not pleased with his promotion.
I mean no line?
He sneezed.
Consider opportunity.
"Oh, no, not again," he said aloud.
"Nobody's giving anything up," Robinson said.
He forced himself to stay frozen there.
Garth's glance began to flicker to his watch.
He stood watching the girl, wondering what was coming next.
Boy, you ain't fooling nobody but yourself.
He knew now what he was up against.
Each of the N trials is either a success or a failure.
"We're right on the edge of the Deep," Elaine said.
He moved up and lifted Jess's pistol out of its holster.
And then perhaps one day we get to Athens.
Charlie was waiting, leaning against a building front.
He didn't even know that she was there.
"Carwood didn't tell you that," she said.
"My beloved Ward, my perennial gadfly," said the whining voice.
I saw that woman's apron behind the door.
But companies continued to spring up.
He would lie in it no more.
Alec gave him a tip and let him go.
At its best the abstract expressionists achieve a simple rococo decorative surface.
A sizable supply of powder had been touched off.
He didn't tell her the truth he now freely admitted to himself.
All trials have identical probabilities of success.
And we do it by taking talent and redirecting it.
Hub picked up the telephone.
"My right leg's stiff as a board this morning," he replied.
I don't know, Tom.
Composite samples were collected at weekly intervals.
Backstage was tomblike by contrast.
Approximately one hundred representatives of business attended this conclave.
He is, like Phillip Marlowe, too alienated to be reliable.
Alone, Alec examined the doors.
His body pitched back and forth on the bench.
"You can't keep out of this," Purvis snarled.
Greasy soils are hardly removed by washing in plain water.
Blackman had brought news from Kansas City.
George Woodcock was manager and troubleshooter.
Got it?
Her pride is as much at stake as her virtue.
Hesperus, what's going on here?
Before much longer the marine quieted down.
He's strong as a bull but gentle as a baby.
But to me innocence is far less tangible.
Did you find any prints?
Barton caught the lighter man's shoulder and swung him around.
He looked at the bed unblinkingly.
"Hey!" Mr. Jack cried when the brush tipped his hat down.
Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and thought, "The camp is quiet."
He did not reply, going on toward the back.
I ask you all to support me in this.
But the two do not invariably or even typically coincide.
All applicants were generally familiar with the work of the receptionist.
His presence would have interfered with her duty.
"Listen please," I called to the students in French.
First, we've got to get out of here.
"We made it, Cappy," the chick said.
And she withdrew then to Cromwell Hall, in Cromwell, Connecticut.
Gunny invariably tried to bite her.
He has a wonderfully retentive memory.
Already our leaky lifeboat was filled with five inches of water.
"Who are you and what happened to you?" he asked.
"There may not be any women left," I said.
I knew she was lying.
"Why do you say that?" I asked.
"Whaddya say, boy?" Charles said, grinning.
But her hands were calm, now.
A half-hour passed.
Buzz was a tireless instigator who never let his victims rest.
Dr. Ray is a Fellow of the Foundation.
Blue Throat winked at his six cronies.
"Wingman, stay clear," he prayed.
Ekstrohm cleared his throat.
Each of those tickets was of great value to its rightful recipient.
His ideal was Alexander of Macedon.
How could she?
Here's where luck would normally step in.
He and Hogan waited by the door, one to either side.
He wore no gun, a strange omission for a peace officer.
He was filled with knowledge of the Bible and the Talmud.
I don't know what we're going to do, Miss Sarah.
As a result, he never looked for it.
His superiors had emphasized that marines tortured others for the sheer pleasure.
At birth, this species varies considerably in size.
Formerly he had noticed them.
Doc Dunne and Miss Sis had come.
"Yes," Gross went on, "he was an up-and-coming young man."
From its holder he took his own canteen.
A valve in the handle let us cut the pressure still lower.
He had done time for the theft.
And then he thought Todman might be right.
He could not break in on an armed man.
He drank and handed it back.
Here he couldn't be seen by Blue Throat and his gang.
Beyond it the gray road stretched a long, long way.
His hands shook.
I'll pick murder.
Ann was very troubled.
He had better write a postcard to Walter.
Each was her mother's assistant and confidante.
"I've been bursting my lungs for you," Mr. Jack complained.
Attack can come from almost any direction against many locations.
Hub was sitting in a chair that blocked the hall door.
"Oh, come on," Cappy, the girl chided.
Families are very interesting.
He found a match in his pocket and lit it.
I want to tell you something.
"What were they doing here?" I asked Rawlins.
Can't you stop that stupid clowning for even a minute?
But then his son could afford it.
He said, "I only work here."
He found out about you and Arbuckle talking.
I looked with revulsion at the legs.
He was engaged in constant experiments that searched for new directions.
Excuse me, the European said.
All samples were tested by both the saline and albumin methods.
Alfred looked straight ahead.
"We'll work for our keep," the boy said eagerly.
"Shall I go on?" she smiled.
Another week passed and even the missionaries were enjoying the voyage.
Gilborn remembered Conrad's exact words.
His thoughts were scattered by the sharp report.
"Gray Eyes is back," Montero said.
I always work it that way.
Figures seemed to crouch in the surrounding dark.
Freed soil must be dispersed and protected.
Get up.
A bayonet hung in a belt scabbard.
Don't get yourself killed for something that doesn't concern you.
Hauling up, Russ listened carefully.
All the other force vectors are derived from these.
He might even suppose the planets to move at infinity.
I can do business with that kind.
He owns three-hundred slaves.
"Where's the Lieutenant?" the clerk asked.
I am so happy.
"Now you don't want to go talking that way," he said.
He had come here in order to test himself.
"I'm just logging," the cowboy explained.
Charles rose also, and the two of them moved over
And so on through the roles referred to in the previous paragraph.
Explicit expressions are given in the literature.
He was in hysterical condition.
"What happened?" someone said.
I can't leave him there.
And then you wiped up some grease.
At last he found it in the paper of April second.
But have the results been heartening?
I could show what I can do.
Anywhere would be better than the land of her ancestors.
Actually the Atlanta campaign was a military failure.
However, the building of freeways and garages cannot continue forever.
Griffith looked half-crocked to the captain.
Funeral services were held Thursday afternoon at four o'clock at the home.
Esther looked at me.
He belched.
Don't pretend.
A painful stab hit him in the abdomen.
A foot misplaced, a leg missing.
Blue Throat won't stand for this.
"I'll get her yet," he muttered to himself.
Future editions may be more critical.
About dawn he got up to blow.
His black beard dripped down over the front of his coat.
Among them are Frederick J. Hoffman and William Van O'Connor.
He knew that she had stopped loving him.
"We'll see," Morgan said.
But are all these works worthy of consideration?
He called Pike a thief.
A recent case in point is Mitchell Canneries versus the United States.
Docherty said, "it's okay, Bonfiglio, let him by."
I'm not going back.
"Go on in," he says.
But she cleans it up very well when I remind her.
But he hadn't understood.
Feathertop was a connoisseur.
I must plead guilty to a special sympathy for nomias.
He had lost his audience.
A most revealing recent case is Textile Workers Union versus Lincoln Mills.
And Sam Rayburn is a great man.
A particularly galling phrase was "OK"
Barney finished the cigarette he had been smoking.
He's in Morgan's Ferry.
He never knew how he got there.
He felt unutterably weary.
"Don't say or do anything," he said softly.
I'm on my way.
Favor him and save something in case you hit trouble.
Beat me to death in front of a hundred people.
Go change your shoes before you turn around.
Ben and Lucien have gone after them.
But she loved danger.
His sinuous melody is a sort of naive transcendence of all experience.
Fred Rankin looked at him.
His problem concerns longitudes, latitudes, and angular velocities.
He probably saw me in the lobby.
His excursions into contemporary history were rarely happy ones.
He said, "I've got the perfect headquarters set up."
"Winston," she said, "get the basket for the breakables."
"Can you hear, can you talk to me?" she begged.
"Oh, shucks," the girl said.
His eccentricity begins as a defense against boredom.
"We're not drunkards," she said.
A newspaper open at stock-market reports lay on one of them.
He reminded Matsuo of a similar thing he had witnessed in China.
But he had succeeded well, we agreed.
"If you're going to kill them, kill them," Oso growled.
He was frowning.
Alec played the part of an innocent tourist.
He was about fifty years old.
But the symbols he is asked to learn are simple.
A bullet smashed directly into the center of William Lewis' chest.
During the next weeks he looked over the situation.
"He wanted a few stills for magazine ads," he said.
I wish you would return them to her.
He trudged on, his aching eyes focused straight ahead.
Gross stopped briefly, then went on.
Gross swung his swivel chair.
"Oh, cut it out, Tom!" she snapped.
Brannon had no slicker.
Furthermore, a bad check may subject the maker to certain penalties.
Early that day Matsuo saw a marine.
He's past helping.
Except that Kitti wasn't there.
He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud.
Experiment without the two-class property.
And it doesn't make any difference.
Here the problem is essentially one of defining the word "filling".
Could you comment on that?
He did not look around.
His head slumped.
Capital flows must be coordinated with national needs and planning.
But ten years in prison had taught him realities.
Be quiet!
"Hi there, Schaffner," he had said.
I forgot to aim.
His speed was dropping rapidly.
He wanted to go back to Harvard for another year of playwriting.
Every plane that could fly was sent into the air.
I need someone to go out and find out what's happening.
"Get in," Charley Estes said brusquely.
He peered in the boxes themselves.
Gilborn passed by him without seeing him.
He said with satisfaction, "That's fine, Tim."
At this stage of the game anything could be possible.
"Okay," I told him.
He swung round to the other men.
Fortunately the hole was found at last and plugged.
All right, I'll come clean.
I took it.
For years Papa and Mama had been large taxpayers.
He said, "Just stay still."
A high frequency starter was used to start the arc.
He released her reluctantly for her enthusiastic reunion with Old Hap.
"Did Mrs. Buck owe him any wages?" I asked.
Ekstrohm scowled.
His job simply consisted in registering new men.
His eyes were clear.
But the Garibaldi volumes were more than a romantic story.
Eternity is no time for recriminations.
Holmes is a public servant, to be sure.
I tried.
He started to return it.
For each mass flow rate the arc voltage was measured.
I shall see about getting you a tent, he said.
Buckets were filled, the herd fed and watered.
"I can imagine," she said.
Consonantal systems are not merely larger, they are multidimensional.
I do not drink so much.
Contrary to popular belief, they were not great technical innovators.
From Figure 6 the relationship between these parameters can readily be derived.
His heart beat faster.
"You'll be visiting Miss Doaty, Ma'am?"
Even musicians themselves have taken to writing poetry.
For one thing, Aristotle mentions that plays may corrupt the audience.
"Stake me," she said, "and let me at those dice."
And yet he made no pretense about it.
Filigreed perfume boxes exuded the aromas of Araby.
He rose stiffly, forcing his knees to lock.
He wore perforated, white-topped shoes.
I wasn't.
And it leaves very soon.
He raised his voice.
Also, he was weary of plantation drudgery and monotony.
He could not manage the former or expect the latter.
"One thing, Summers," Brenner said.
"I should think so," Eugenia said.
I returned to the hall, despite my dislike for the clerk.
Do I send him up?
All I know is that they are gone.
I didn't say it was Christian.
I know it isn't dinnertime.
Do you approve?
He didn't have to telephone.
First, we realize that a pure specialist does not exist.
Hardy was not Hardy very often.
Her laugh was hard.
"No telling how good this horse is," Mike panted.
And Hank Maguire added, "So am I, Tom."
I said, "OK, so now only Blake knows."
But it wasn't a violent discussion.
His aim was hurried, so the pitchfork whistled over Curt's head.
"At least, he had the decency to blush," she thought.
Guests stared with horror at Madame Lalaurie and made speedy departures.
First, how can we step up the desegregation movement?
"I'm not advising you," she said.
He hated them too much to understand.
I'm sending you a couple of customers.
He did leap into the pool, and didn't have anything on.
Deity and Law are one and inseparable.
But it's understandable.
"You will make him unhappy and anxious," the German said.
Air-drifts from one area to another are, therefore, conceivable.
He's in Boston.
For every rude word of Mr. Banks's, the family had five.
Against Seebohm formidable foes have taken the field.
But still, the proposition is worth examination.
He was again reclassified by the local board.
Head lifted, he strained and called.
Debate in the political arena can be productive of good.
He tells of his Jewish heart.
Can't you help them?
Doctrine was not only mysterious, it was also sacred.
Charlie said, "Good boy."
An objective scale was developed.
By spring it would be a skeleton.
I know where he is.
Ah, did you once see Shelley plain?
He did not.
And you recognized me?
"I told you, Mike," said Rourke in an aggrieved voice.
He clamped his jaws to keep the fury from spilling out.
Dr. Lalaurie wore a maroon smoking jacket.
But Greg's area remained as placid as a Florida dawn.
He killed Tom.
"No, not now," said the teacher.
I'll carry the tray.
Drunk on sake, he must have wandered off from his bivouac.
Each man, that is, is both one and many.
However, the unavoidable low-duty cycle restricts the effective gain.
He felt light-headed and sick.
Fierce anger surged through Russ.
I want the captain in charge.
Cappy raged at himself.
Finally, after years, I gave up.
He was mildly surprised to find it was snowing.
America possesses an enormous defense power.
He scowled at her flowers.
Her eyes were bright with anticipation.
And in a few minutes Papa was dead.
Don't bother to look any further.
He characterized your Committee as having prejudged his case.
He had to reach Admassy's place.
He knows the way.
At General Headquarters the newcomer in turn got to know others.
He tends to underestimate, or perhaps to view charitably.
I rubbed my hands together.
B. J. Connell is the present treasurer and manager.
Do you like to dance?
His bright, daylight mind would whistle away such images.
"Did you tell him all this?" he asked.
By this time large numbers of the audience had left the hall.
Alfred Alpert in his sickroom was death.
"Naval procedure," he thought, "had its moments of grim humor."
Administrative restrictions necessitated the smaller sample size.
But you didn't know a thing about it, did you?
He treated both with equal indifference and with equal contempt.
"How did you know?" he asked sharply.
"We eloped," Cappy said.
Biological warfare is considered to be primarily a strategic weapon.
He had not mentioned Kate.
Apparently he never took the trouble to find out.
Each family line can be considered a substructure.
Dave said, "I got the message."
Cut it out.
I know this from my talks with him.
"Join me in another?" he had asked.
A network of sampling stations had been set up on shore.
But there hadn't been enough time to build it for keeps.
As usual, the press photographers were on hand.
I outweigh you fifty pounds and I'm fast for a big man.
"Be careful, McLish," Susan said fiercely.
"That ain't your name, Mister," the boy accused.
His soldiers on the whole did not celebrate so mildly.
He pulled it open.
Gradually the wash climbed upward, forcing him toward open range.
I said quietly, respectfully, "What did she do here?"
I brought the money with me.
He had already quite forgotten about him.
I tell you he is innocent.
"I'll be ready next time!" he raged.
I'm in a hurry, beautiful.
Charlie had brought food and we'd decided on no drinks.
"California is too far," he thought.
Business loans generally are repayable in regular installments.
I think I can manage one more favor for you.
Dr. A. V. Astin opened the 5-day session.
"We'll grab horses," Dean said.
For the first time, he was sad about the move.
He was interested in The Man Without Qualities.
He really didn't know how to fly.
A troop of reporters brought up the rear.
But within that framework he allowed for as much flexibility as possible.
Be a good turtle.
He'll get a fair trial.
Alfred nodded a little nod and went out through the door.
"How did you get by the desk?" he asked curiously.
"I am innocent, Captain," Cromwell said again.
"I mean, do you feel like seeing Kate?" Scotty said.
I don't want to leave it.
Humiliation made Matsuo tremble.
Gradually he reached a conclusion.
Fred, your blood matches your father's, all right.
He capped the bottle and replaced it.
He always kept a few on his personal staff.
He ran the change rooms.
He had no idea what to look for.
He is not religious in any conventional sense.
I took a deep breath, and the plunge.
He sized up the situation and shook his head.
"Your choice," he said briefly, and turned to Kid Boyd.
Each is still glorified as a national hero.
He asked to see a copy of Mrs. Meeker's will.
But what is it?
He doesn't expect you until five.
I have changed and I have reversed opinions.
"You need a linguist?" asked Hal.
He stuck with me all these years.
Dave made some sound meant to convey agreement.
Andy couldn't help but be touched.
I think its thirst had never been assuaged before.
I think the maids tipple in the afternoon.
He was losing patience again.
I would have come sooner if I'd known.
Also, it requires more time as compared to the automatic approach.
I don't think you'll find many active Christian salesmen.
Above him slid the evasive shadow of a storm cloud.
He's always like that, in spite of being a big man.
But you had them.
"All right," Brannon said, rising.
Haven't the faintest, Captain.
Ekstrohm never slept.
I rapped my knuckles on the counter.
A domestic automatic washer that will give equivalent results may be used.
He's as good as gone.
Exceptions are often classified as transfers by operation of law.
I'll saddle the horses and bring them round.
As for you, Brannon, put your gun on the desk.
His face was fuller.
Corporations react violently to short-range stimuli.
By 1960 there were such schools in all but four states.
He didn't push it.
He didn't have any clothes on.
Alfred was dressed for his trip to the hospital.
I helped Lilly in the store.
A monstrous shadow fell across the illuminated wall, distorted and indefinable.
Behind Ramey, feet scraped beneath sharp questioning whispers.
Gorton sometimes signed himself a professor of the mysteries of Christ.
A new idea drifted in from nowhere.
At last he noticed a return of the inwardness of pain.
Brenner continued to smile, but his eyes were cold.
Five minutes later they reached the horses.
He turned to Susan and kissed her on the cheek.
And he didn't, by a long shot.
Come home right away.
His fatigues made a streak of almost phosphorescent green in the mist.
Have you got my car here?
Hesperus, don't use this J vector trick of yours, please.
By the time I'd made it, he was gone.
And so he walked, aimless again.
At last it was time to depart.
Hey, this is pretty close to a wart-hog.
I am an attorney, not an instrument of vengeance.
Felix took us into his studio.
Harriet was just as delighted.
"Too bad," Madden thought.
He side-stepped her blow and she fell, stumbling against the gelding.
Human birth was no novelty to Mr. Robards.
Gradually they emerged as men.
I'll switch on the underwater lights.
As a consequence, he did neither.
He murmured to himself, with firmness, "No surrender."
His technique is genuinely masterful.
Dean came rushing up.
Even the regular Democrats disowned him.
A portable electric heater is advisable for shelters in cold climates.
"My God, I'm shot." Powell gasped.
"I'll be there, but I'll walk," Doc said.
For an anthropologist, loquacious old Turu was a mine of information.
"It's all right," he said.
Can I tell you a secret?
American and free-world policies can affect the pace of transition.
"Well, good-bye," I said.
I made time and picked him up within ten blocks.
For English the reduction in size is less striking.
Cabot turned back.
Gradually others will move up to the same level.
Even so, Madden's dislike of the suave, correct lawyer deepened.
Each specimen is at least 25 inches by 25 inches.
"Hello, Ed," said Tillman.
But he felt no physical discomfort.
His voice lost its sullen tones and he chuckled.
But there's one possibility I particularly don't like.
He had known women like that, one woman in particular.
He waited in his squat, gripping the hair.
All there ever was?
And Sweeney Squadron put its first marks on the combat record.
A man gets old anyhow.
"I don't want it," Sarah said, firmly.
Curt circled the house and located a barn out back.
Can God be mocked?
"Follow the river for five miles," he said hoarsely.
I guess you'd better go on in the morning.
Chief Moore shook his big head.
I caught a glimpse of three of four vague figures, at the most.
He's leaving.
He's informed them of everything you've ever written him.
He unlashed the dipper and drew water from a barrel.
But it is a great conception.
Besides, she had a sweet face that attracted him.
I knew that.
But he was looking forward to snow.
Check with one of them.
I don't know what I'd do without my family.
"You don't remember, do you?" he asked.
"I'll be here at ten fifty-five," I said.
Hence, the condition of freedom is a necessary condition for choice.
He shrugged casually.
Alexander shifted his gaze to Spencer.
He studied the pistol exhibition.
He turned and bent over the body of the Indian.
But one major fact seems undeniable.
I don't go to school any more.
Can I make you one?
Garth brought one out.
Children differ widely in their emotional responses.
Fresh seafood products are extremely perishable.
Everyone was flipping silver dollars.
I guess we both felt it.
I can't say yet.
He did not like Boxell.
"What are you playing?" Owen asked.
And then, unexpectedly, Stanley made his announcement.
But it is obvious that they were self-deluded.
He had no great prejudice against shills.
"Madame Noel, I think you had better go," she said.
But surely Michigan Avenue was handsome?
Do you hear me?
I get no readings from them at all.
I told him, "I want to go see the Buck house."
"Not me," he ruled decidedly.
Dictionary forms found to match forms in the text list are marked.
He enjoyed killing.
He must think about which of these principles must take precedence.
For a man of his mass he was curiously short.
He went into the hotel and searched till he found the razor.
But not Jeff Lawrence.
But every time I suggested this to her, Mrs. Wright turned me down.
I was so cruel to Tolley, so unfair.
"Well, let's get going," she said impatiently.
But California is where we're going.
But I'll know how to handle you next time.
His glance at Gyp Carmer was disdainful.
But in this one section we welcomed auditors.
A warm breeze played across it, moving it like waves.
Dozens of seemingly small matters go wrong all over the world.
For moments he stood in water, shivering and gasping for breath.
He spoke, in a voice as immaculate as his appearance.
Chief Bob Moore looked his same hick-self.
I had thought we would never again speak to each other.
He had a feeling that the girl meant trouble.
I didn't think Acacia knew so many big words.
I don't think he ever got to drink any of it.
Her face showed no sign of having heard Pompeii.
His breakfast was tea.
"Good-bye, Winston," Mr. Jack said.
Each day he found himself thinking less often of Ann.
Gilborn put on his coat again.
Diversity of perception, yes.
Every letter answers itself in a couple of weeks.
He couldn't feel anything.
Conceivably the submarine defense problem can be solved by sufficient forces.
Acceptable taste and odor are retained by the irradiated and refrigerated chicken.
He had to cough then.
He looked lazy, spoiled.
He held a wallet with my money.
But let's not talk about it abstractly until we're out of here.
"Sommers, you bale while we row," Brassnose commanded.
Andy's co-workers kept their distance, awed by the tragedy.
He had not because he was both poor and ambitious.
He never knew just what woke him.
"Look, Lord," he said hoarsely.
An over-all concept would have other advantages.
Glendora put down a dish of rice.
Glendora gave a gulp.
He had turned a sickly green and appeared tongue-tied or panicked.
I tried not to act scared.
He looks as feminine as you can imagine, she decided.
He rejects certain plots because they do not contribute to that end.
"No helmets," the captain answered.
I like his glossy black hair.
I thought I told you to stay home.
I can see us now.
Come here.
His adventurous spirit had waned.
Give me your machine gun ammo.
Bluntly, there never was a Ptolemaic system of astronomy.
Consequently no one had remembered to introduce Helva to the prospective partners.
He straightened his tie at the mirror with a shaking hand.
First, it may not have a single characteristic value.
Dad, wait.
His rage assumes a religious form.
His air speed dropped until he thought he would spin out.
He had no desire to.
I can't have it.
And that was the end.
I'll think it over.
Apparently you were the light of their lives.
I regained my squatting position behind the truck cab's rear window.
Foster had brought extra clothing also.
Good morning, Lieutenant Rinker.
He was taken aback.
F is the scale factor of the accelerometer.
Garth hesitated.
He knew he would never see it again.
Additional records of slow growth have been omitted.
Before dinner, he shaved for the second time that day.
But they deny the values of the city.
"Are you hit?" he demanded.
But the secret itself was just as hard.
Anger won't help.
Context is of extreme importance.
I was born angry.
He did not, however, find himself at once.
Five of the papers deal with grammatical problems.
Hoag said, "I didn't send for you, Leigh."
I'll see you in about an hour.
But I think that something more than this is involved.
Feathertop aimed a finger.
He dropped a man with the first bullet.
How did one join them?
Do they make class-biased decisions?
I was having lunch not long ago.
I squinted at the looming shoreline.
"So, how about it?" he said.
A biographical sketch followed.
But I'm not here to define conservatism.
He looked at the lined face with vague interest.
Donna was like he was.
"I can't say that I blame you," said Angie thoughtfully.
He himself did not know.
Don't forget whiskey; it's such a big seller.
I made inquiries.
I set the hour of our meeting for seven.
Coverage of the literature extends through 1954 and includes some 1955 references.
Feathertop made an elaborate motion with his hand.
I was hired to take a picture.
I can tell you this much, he said.
Apparently he bribed one of the guards.
He remembered Gavin's smirk, his own cringing feeling, his impotence.
His pinched face showed the ravages of malnutrition.
Gross paused and repeated himself.
"Hello, anyone at home?" Tanner wisecracked.
He had no water for an enemy.
A glance revealed that the main topgallant mast had been carried away.
"How like him!" Mary Jane had smilingly said.
He'll shoot up the town.
Captain Clemens' signal shot sent the men hurrying to their waiting teams.
Clayton swung into the saddle and whacked the stallion's rump.
Her answer was not in words.
Could he join the party and sleep here tonight too?
He is the UN legal chief and a very good man.
After a few seconds, she said, "Dad didn't like Cappy."
I want Captain Docherty.
Civilization is what man has made of himself.
Chicago has some of the best.
Henry Miller characterized him as a man of anger and light.
He strode past the now frightened man and entered the house.
Had Muller made the same deduction?
I didn't know that.
Do you have any idea how far I travel every day?
He brought it in and put it down beside her.
He made this completely clear.
He was never sure they fully took him in.
I saw a dozen or so other outriggers moored there.
I wouldn't have the stuff in the house.
Dismounting, Russ looked about hastily.
"See you," Donovan said as he jumped off the wing.
Determine the particular State's allotment percentage.
He suspected something underhanded and furtive about him.
But it was not a tall structure and other buildings concealed it.
I'm going to let him tell it to somebody else.
"What's he complaining about?" Bake asked.
Eagle's Nest ought to have a fire company.
Bullshit, he said softly.
I can look it up.
He stood there watching until it had gone from his sight.
He stared at Hoag drunkenly.
Anything else?
I heard her murmur, "We'd better lock the door."
I stopped by the counter.
Elisha R. Potter was the Democratic candidate.
"Never mind," she said sternly.
He rejects dimensions of 70 feet and more.
Casey believed that much.
I'm sorry, Mr. Morgan.
He felt suddenly elated, adventurous.
He had no idea how much time Budd would give him.
He watched the half-breed as he turned silently.
"I don't understand," she insisted.
He inserted the car key in the lock.
Forgive me, Sandalphon, said Hal.
He tightened up in a twinkling.
He would never reach California.
Go through his pockets, will you?
Every chance I got I left the hotel to visit Lilly.
Fromm seems unaware of these developments.
Both of them were my friends.
He could go to the police.
I'm a good Baptist.
Dr. Douglass was kind enough to lend us about five grams.
By both standards Thomas had the right to be proud.
And it would seem that history is a witness to this truth.
And patterns of stress are not always unambiguous by any means.
Carmer himself was nowhere to be seen.
I was giving the parked cars the once-over.
He had none here.
He put on his old brown corduroy coat and it was already soaked.
"Now?" he asked.
Greg pushed the radio button again.
Baldness was attacking his pate.
Each now makes a tough, papery cocoon and pupates.
Alexander knew Spencer too well to think him naive or thick-skulled.
And make sure it's out when you leave in the morning.
He did that with all the Nations.
He got his hat out of the closet.
Come a bit closer.
I stared at him for a long time.
By Wednesday, the landlord was still alive.
Accordingly, another test of the questionnaire was made.
Hank thanked them and promised to observe the rules.
But not in front of Trig.
He left a few things.
Beyond were industries and factories.
Clearly what the person brings to the reading is important.
I like that kid.
He no longer sought to find the law.
But I'm going to have my son.
"You've given me the wrong change," said the customer sharply.
But what will you do this evening, Mr. Davis?
But Keith looked down more than up.
He's probably down at the bar.
I have full confidence in you.
"Diets can be terrible," the girl said.
After that Salem ships decided to bypass unfriendly Burma.
He looked over his shoulder at the thin dotting of pursuers.
He was very thirsty
How would I know?
A shot caught him and straightened him up in screaming pain.
Come on, Inspector.
Hal felt sorry for Mary.
He laughed and laughed.
Here the Pennsylvania militia skirmished with the British, but soon fled.
And I aim to have it.
Anyway, it was evident what he had in mind.
A single kick made it spring open, shuddering.
As for myself, I had on an enormous black muff.
Do those names mean anything to you?
Cautiously Alec tensed his muscles, ready to jump.
He and your wife were intimate.
Closely related to the andrenas are the nomias or alkali bees.
A second assistant mopped with two sponges.
I was afraid of this.
I dissent.
He cannot, for example, compute the retrograde arc traveled by Mars.
I believe it deficient in certain particulars.
"Well, that's the only way to be," Mrs. Forsythe said
He spoke soothingly.
"Somewhere," she repeated.
I'll call you in a day or so.
And everybody has some kind of grudge.
He never smiled.
"Felix?" Gibby said.
Hand in hand with hope went things like terror and apprehension.
He goes off to do penance on a rock for seventeen years.
He started out the door.
Finally she had come down.
He endured the ministrations of the dromozoa without screams or movement.
"Not to you," she said smiling.
Complicity is an embarrassing word.
I lived alone by the river.
He collapsed and died instantly.
He seemed to antagonize everyone.
Her door was locked and the key was missing.
But the weight of feeling was heavily in the opposite direction.
I felt certain it was self-appointed.
"He probably just stepped out," he said.
"Dear heaven, no," thought Mr. Skyros.
I just wanted to hear you say so.
He was nearing the Admassy house.
As Curt had hoped, the house door banged open.
"Apaches!" Mike yelled.
"I could," he thought, "take a long walk."
He could throw himself on the mercy of the Police Department.
As she drove, she thought about her plan.
He thought.
Contractors' charges would be additional.
For them a box will be lodgment enough.
He contributed new knowledge of the issues connected with his subject.
Booby traps to fill the head with chunks of metal.
I'm interested in every patient I've helped take care of.
Behind him, his mates stirred without waking.
Go ahead.
Andy's performance was scheduled for eleven o'clock.
He meant to help Gavin all the time.
Among infants the patterns of emotional responses are similar.
I came out here to retire.
I accepted her crossed eyes as she accepted my childishness.
He simply walked, not noticing where he was, not caring.
Delphine was a pace-setter in high society.
I love fingerprints.
How will we work it out?
Death is not permanent defeat and disappearance.
He didn't think it was possible for this couple to be pretending.
Don't you play hard today.
"We're lost and burning up already," she bit out tensely.
He is an individualist but not an anarchist.
He was a learned man and a very gentle soul.
He was bearded.
I guess it's children that make a woman old.
I lived in a state of suspense because of it.
He has lost much blood, he said.
He's not your brother, he's Gavin's son.
Anything is possible when anarchy has the upper hand.
I haven't had any luck since I was a baby.
He glanced down into his beard and muttered something in Yiddish.
A thick, crimson carpet muffled every footfall.
Hague had never accustomed himself to Kodyke.
Anne was furious, and Bolingbroke advised that the request be refused.
"How do you feel?" Charlie asked me.
I'm not going to fight you any more.
I saw that letter.
But the March girls had their counterparts.
Her thick hair was the color and texture of charcoal.
But there's a subjective side to that utopian outlook.
"I think Montero did right," Amy said firmly.
Fire District number one discussed its possible purchase in 1945.
For critics, Hardy has had no poetic periods.
I will deal with these later on.
Gilborn says he was in his office all day with her yesterday.
However, modesty and triviality are different qualities.
His wide mouth compressed.
I got there at nine forty-seven a.m. and found her strangled.
Be sure the man nearest you is awake.
He had a somewhat goggle-eyed expression.
He started to run but Oso's shot caught him on the wing.
Could you possibly have lunch with him today?
I'll collar Tim before night.
A scene is just a part of a play.
He turned to Lester.
How could he be kind one moment and cruel the next?
I'm not pulling your leg.
A rifle cracked.
He pointed, cutting her off.
Did an anteater want ants?
Expect to face difficult times.
Faith Constable had accomplished much in a quarter of a century.
How ya gonna keep 'em down on the farm?
But he was more than half-drunk, and his faculties were dulled.
And you know I can do it.
He found it in the edition of May fifteenth.
Black is Gilborn's best friend.
Beowulf and the Homeric poems appear to be oral compositions.
Casey kept his smile fixed.
I'll let you go back to doing the dishes now.
"Probably," said Henrietta dryly.
He came bounding up the stairs and joined the dance.
Either I get the story or I get the suite.
"No, it wasn't that," Rob said.
He stumbled off-stage.
He said more loudly, "I'm full, old Pop."
Having completed our camera work, we started our climb.
He fought the panic of vertigo.
He straightened up, alert now as the buffalo hunter came closer.
Guerrillas were racing toward him.
"Perhaps it was insane," Pamela thought.
Eight field guns were captured in position.
I don't know yet.
Did you kill Diana Beauclerk?
How safe is too safe?
He ran toward the man with fists raised.
I walked over to him.
Ernie hesitated a moment.
I feel it's my duty.
He'd hoped to catch Jesse Macklin there.
Altogether we found the craftsmanship first rate, especially Brumidi's.
"Come on," he said.
Civilization itself falls out of existence.
"That was a terrible thing to do," I said to Oso.
He had plenty of work to do.
He moistened his lips uneasily.
And with this point about the passions, we encounter Plato's dualism.
For another moment we didn't talk, then she began to weep.
"What's a scene?" asked Mercer.
And only a few seconds to answer it.
Blockade runners can be stopped by gunfire, if necessary.
He's just heard from the pathologist who says Mrs. Meeker apparently died.
Auditors were encouraged.
He had been explaining it.
I'm an outsider.
He made a show of rearranging my forms on the shelf.
How do I know?
I was nearly thirty at the time.
Dill's voice tightened.
First bride like that I've seen in twenty-five years.
As it turned out, Jessica took matters into her own hands.
Did I want a beer?
Gross bristled.
He did not resent their supervision or Virginia's sometimes tiring sympathy.
Far up the valley I could see the Rees circling and reorganizing.
"There's some mistake," he said finally.
He could not go through the fields.
I squeezed the trigger.
He stood there staring with disbelief at the vacant desk.
Hague squeezed down his uneasy dislike.
He sighed and leaned for a moment against the trunk.
Change involves the displacement of form.
I'll bet.
I do the living room last.
I didn't turn it off.
Are you a thrower of flame, marine?
"Temper, temper," Mrs. Forsythe said, laughing uneasily.
He sensed rather than heard the gasp that swept across the audience.
I don't think his diligence mitigates your negligence, Matson.
Greg wished the Air Corps had continued to camouflage planes.
For once his touch deserted him.
A seeping coldness entered Holden's being.
I'll try.
He also reminded himself that he had an unusual number of possibilities.
"Why not you?" he protested.
"Why, he's going to kill me," he thought wildly.
Haney knew it was not a dream.
But each mile westward, she had hated him the deeper.
I want to say more about Gabriel's so-called fundamental law.
He brought her shawls.
He reached for an old clay pot.
He was dozing, perhaps the only sleep he'd gotten.
Don't hurry too much.
After all, the murderer is still at large.
He says the neighbors complain, but I don't believe it.
He had no chance to say another word.
Even before his death this influence had begun to ebb.
He stopped abruptly.
He tilted his homely face toward the dry bed of the river.
I wouldn't have to tell them I had Roberts.
I'll be all right.
How do the valley people feel?
"Was it my equipment?" the German asked.
He never got that chance.
He asked me suddenly, what are your political opinions?
"I'm sorry," she said.
Forbearing, Owen kept his peace.
He said fussily, "just keep the cap on those strong emotions."
His nose was up.
A clearly recognized exception is a statutory merger or consolidation.
"And add fever to our troubles?" she scoffed.
He got into a fight with Tom English, your brother's son.
Hub was there to support him.
And this seems to me untrue.
He has also an extraordinary conscience.
I saw his point.
Hunger stimulates man, too.
"We'll do it another way, then," he said harshly.
He got into the car.
He spoke sullenly.
I got no place to go.
He pressed his face against the grille.
Her mother was already considerably concerned over her daughter's future.
Gorton replied with blasts that scandalized the congregation.
A foolish thought came into his head.
He would have to be given the opportunity.
I spun about and clattered through the front room to the door.
He then said something which struck a chord in my memory.
Himself he would forget Ann Turner.
But you're wrong about the rest of it.
Even Barton could not quite believe it.
Between 1944 and 1947, Helion had a series of one-man shows.
I wouldn't want him to miss the message.
Exceptional tensile strength is another of urethane foam's strong features.
His expenses ran another four or five thousand.
He said, "I've got some supper ready."
Could you give us a job, Mr. Morgan?
I stalled him off.
He cupped his mouth and yelled.
He looked as if he was going to keel over.
From this amount deduct the items indicated below.
He had been sighted, and his attacker pumping shot after shot.
His alienation is far more acute than Holmes'.
Don't try to stop me, either.
He went to the front door, opened it and looked in.
A few obvious target areas of great importance might be mentioned.
I'm calling you, Mr. Nelson.
Her beauty always surprised him anew.
Gun stiffened, his hands balling into fists at his sides.
He looked up at her sharply.
"Where're you taking me?" Jess asked worriedly.
A third situation is possible.
Benson grinned and flipped a rock with his thumb like a marble.
He said, "If it's all right with you, Mr. Morgan."
For an instant he glared speechless at Marshall.
He struggled out of his clothes.
Fixed installations are increasingly advocated as the problem of area defense emerges.
I followed a shrubbery-lined gravel path alongside the house to the pool.
A large piece of engine cowling vanished.
But he was surprised to meet it here.
I can't take you to Earth yet.
Actual practice does not often work out this way.
I just want you to take a message to Diane Molinari.
Blowers should be operated periodically on a regular schedule.
Haney peered doubtfully at his drinking companion through bleary, tear-filled eyes.
But what few containers they found were inadequate.
He looked in her direction but didn't answer.
"Sake?" Matsuo called.
His tough honesty condemns him to a solitary and difficult existence.
A blower may be installed to increase comfort.
"Is that you, Bill?" he located his man.
I bobbed my head each time it appeared.
He alleged no specific procedural errors or evidence withheld.
But you can't ride into the Ferry.
Grosse spread his hands.
Also because of the storm, the streets of Rockfork were deserted.
And now there was some question as to his continued residence there.
I just hope it doesn't work on Earthmen, too.
But the murderer to whom he clung had a tremendous advantage.
I walked into the living room.
I guess you want to see the body.
I don't know, Mr. Brenner, he said haltingly.
"Did anyone see my cab?" he asked.
I suspected why he brought it along.
I don't know, Mrs. Stowe.
Brannon dismounted and climbed the steps.
But his increasing strength in the West looked menacing.
Ernest A. Gross leaned back in his chair.
And besides, he was one of the Chicago professors.
He wanted to turn them, putting the wagon against the storm.
He asked, "Could we have a drink?"
Greg pushed the radio button on his throttle.
How much of an accident could that be?
He did not count time.
He was, thus, an early and spectacular victim.
I have nothing to gain by defending Cromwell.
Don't tell me you didn't go to church Sunday.
He didn't want to put himself outside the law.
At this moment the volley-ball hit the ground.
And I suppose it did.
I could see them in my sights.
And she had the kind of crossed eyes that shocked.
I'm not leaving in the morning.
He could now but the weakness is very definite.
Effective employment will reduce force requirements.
"Maybe," the captain admitted.
He put in a call to Cunningham from his hotel room.
How about your press conference three days later?
Grant called it prompt, skillful and brilliant.
For him to divorce God and wife simultaneously would be bad publicity.
But it was not easy for him and he often slipped.
His name's Joseph Sanchez.
"Who's in there?" Black called fearfully.
He checked into a motel and drove downtown.
He handed the guard's rifle to Fiske.
I'm sorry.
Did you find him?
He smiled at her sincerity.
I only said I was hungry.
But, I'm telling you, it'll be turned down.
Closer still, regular barricades of barbed wire hung on timber supports.
His heart, he discovered, was pounding.
Greg's eyes flicked up from his instrument panel.
Granted, such functional images are subject to human error.
But we could wait all right.
Even now no such claim is asserted.
Gorton and ten of his friends were thrown in jail.
But there was no use in me staying there.
I'll go to bat first.
Building plans are on page twenty-one.
I agree.
I self-served.
Good luck, fellow.
He may get a tax refund.
He inferred that Hohlbein and Garth were high-priced lawyers.
A candle alight in the air directs its flame and smoke upwards.
But neither was Lilian her baptismal name.
By three a.m., they reached his house and found it vacant.
He was determined not to show it.
Gavin stood on the porch, a thin figure.
For this must be the project of the whole American people.
He had forgotten that she was so pretty.
I guess I'll find out soon enough.
Again he refused.
I asked him.
Carl hadn't brought his along.
He might be very tight, but he knew where he was.
Any news?
Anta, his wife, never seemed to mind.
A Schilling test demonstrated normal absorption of vitamin F.
"I volunteer," said Hal.
I just do what I'm told.
Dandy is to be our house guest.
Grosse rubbed the bridge of his nose where it was swollen.
"I forgot!" she yelped.
He bit out the words.
Heat, in the sunlight, pressed in like an invisible crowd.
I walked with him back to the entrance.
False ideas surfeit another sector of our life.
But have we not gone overboard in stressing their significance?
He grinned and clapped me on the shoulder.
"Call this a cry for help," Faith Constable said.
I saw him myself and it was done after consultation with Cromwell.
He looked up and down the street.
He treats her like she was dirt.
I'll show you how wrong you are.
He looked at Gilborn with undisguised curiosity.
He wiped the blood from his cheek.
"You do that," Casey said.
He picked up the photograph and began to wrap it.
"Yes," said Mercer, a little ashamed of his obviousness.
I didn't understand why, Clay.
"Now stay with me, Kitty," he snapped irritably.
Don't try anything violent, Stormy.
I guess you're right.
He's going to the St. Louis convention as a delegate.
I wasn't planning on jumping you.
He lived and breathed for the mining company.
He made it.
He is probably our most original composer.
I was suddenly conscious of my bare arms.
I felt certain he was really a spineless little man.
Both buildings were in flames.
But a few reached our wall.
Gavin sank down again into his chair and began to rock.
I intend to support the nominee of the party at St. Louis.
Cobb got it.
But at least the question has been raised.
But the past was dead here as the present was dead.
I know all about you.
Curt moved over beside the door and waited.
Both would start their new fiscal year on July first.
I said, "Do we know each other, Miss?"
He advised immediate hospitalization.
But they were starting a new life.
He's probably the last of the original Island Indians.
I thought you were sick to death of this big house.
I did it for the valley.
How will it be financed?
"Who was that?" he asked.
I was back in ten minutes.
I'm not drawing.
He had little time to himself.
He had to fight the bliss of super-condamine to do it.
Charlie would get there early because he had the key.
He remembered Midge, and the child.
He gripped the wheel hard to fight the despondency of defeat.
He stood panting for a moment.
But I only thought of that in the middle of the night.
I can hardly wait.
He felt no anger towards Kitti.
I shook my head.
He finds it in utter misery and desolation.
Don't tell me about drunks.
A standard deal, Mr. Skyros.
He had done his rustling openly and boasted about it.
Do you know who the other man was?
Doc Abel was busy up front with some of his live patients.
He moved the flights over against one wall.
I'm Dan.
I can drop you back here to pick mine up.
I don't know.
He remembered a story he had read as a youth.
"But that was war," I said.
From America were Littlepage and Jones.
He pushed the radio button.
And the law virtually ignored the situation.
Barney was not really frightening.
And I was to go to work on that odd matter.
He's too smart a fellow want to get rid of me.
Besides, they were not the only impressions.
"Drag the wagons to the spring!" Lew Durkin yelled.
Hirey treats himself a lot better than we do prisoners.
He had left after the scuffle.
He fired again, and somewhere in the gloom a man screamed.
Determine the average per capita income for the US.
I'd rather keep bailing.
"He's dead, isn't he?" the man said.
"Thank you," I told her.
"Mae, I've been thinking," she said, swallowing the toast.
He left us.
Have him come in.
Gibby called him back.
He said nothing.
Barton turned away, his eyes falling upon Rankin beside his horse.
Hope surged within him.
He hadn't even noticed.
I made you a man.
And the entirety of the natural world is party to the action.
Freedom depends upon them.
Each specimen is approximately sixteen inches square.
After two drinks containing alcohol, her arm flew upward very freely.
He again stated that he was a regular minister.
I read a book of etiquette.
He stood up and thanked her.
He gave me a ticket on the agency car and parked it.
Ekstrohm had to hide his secret.
But all of this was rationalization.
I would like to straighten out a misconception about the dress.
He wanted no more sentimental scenes with her.
"There was too long a waiting line," Ramey answered, pretending to joke.
His real grievance was Lolly.
"Up you go," he said.
I dropped into the doctor's office and picked up my forms.
Does he get exercise?
He was most eager to make the dive.
He sold me a clear title.
Fat showed in loose rolls beneath the shirt.
Determine the State's unadjusted allotment for the fiscal year.
How'd you do it?
But, admit or not, Bonner was helpless.
Hoag looked terrified.
But it was water.
But they must have technical and investment assistance.
I went up stairs and did the bath and her bedroom.
"They looked a good deal alike," Morgan thought.
Have they inherited some money or something?
Additional entries must be made from time to time.
I couldn't fight a dozen or so of them.
He was big-chested, big-shouldered and heavy-armed.
I know Ches.
Dickens lays great emphasis on the hands in this scene.
I don't blame that girl for breaking her engagement with you.
He was ugly.
Blanche couldn't remember when she had first arrived at this conclusion.
He lashed out blindly with his right.
He pushed stick and rudder and entered the overcast on his back.
Elaine nodded.
His small black eyes darted inside the olive oval of his face.
He had taken out first papers for American citizenship.
Governor Alfred E. Smith was the official host at the children's party.
He sympathized with them on the loss of their old pastor.
"I know," Jones said dejectedly.
Gavin sighed bitterly.
"All right," Wilson said quickly.
He didn't say what would cure him.
But it had missed the bone and had passed on through.
Give me your address.
I was just going.
He handed the bayonet to Dean and kept the pistol.
"It's nice of you," Henrietta said doubtfully.
Don't forget the foreign press.
He should have stayed here and watched Burton.
And the boy will need his mother.
He's the handsomest colt in all Kentucky.
Bits of trash lay in the roadway.
He will frequently return to it.
I could see the blood running down his chest.
Go ahead and try me.
I forgot.
He seemed to be fighting not one man but a dozen.
He died before he could completely pay off his debts.
How can a planet with so many neighbors be so lonely?
As a reviewer, Thompson generally displayed a judicious attitude.
Are you sick?
Ernie's eyebrows went up.
He ran a finger down his cheek, tracing the scratch there.
He could not consider it now.
He wondered if the audience would let him finish.
Adlai Stevenson expressed some reservations about this return.
Grosse tucked the gun under the counter.
Being the Harbor's sole doctor, Abel was also its Medical Examiner.
I guess nobody wants to pass out and miss anything.
His other activities are not so easily recovered.
He turned unsmilingly to Rachel.
He claims Mahzeer's in a plot to kill him.
Get in.
He must improvise continuously.
Alec waited a moment, on guard.
But I still think Penny's an awful nice girl.
Each return required three cards and involved key punching numerous digital columns.
I thought you hadn't come in yet.
His hand was large and square and heavily tanned.
Grudges simply do not keep that well in a sane mind.
For a moment his hatred toward drunken or careless drivers softened.
He made a fool of you, Lester.
Barton finished his dressing and extended his hand to Powers.
Both hated Donald Kruger.
I also had and have feelings about Garibaldi.
He lay still, listening to the silence, watching the light.
He had also mastered the Cossack tongue.
"No, she'll be all right," Jones said quickly.
I remembered it was the Peeping Tom place.
Diana Beauclerk had no connection with the underworld.
His hat was gone, the tears were streaming from his eyes.
I knew Red and Handley well.
But we aren't going to let you give him any.
A. M. Wergeland called the Adams method literally antihistorical.
Gavin began to nod.
He sold out to Kruger's men.
El Dorado was surrounded by a mob.
Ann was plainly disappointed in his appearance.
Her bright eyes were twinkling.
I think these attributes cluster, but I have no evidence.
He staggered back to the group.
Alfred walked past him without a word and got into the car.
Come over and have a drink.
Further decrees along this line were issued in 1916 and 1919.
He had his own face, dark and beautiful.
I wasn't her social secretary.
"I ought to," he said.
"They're all here, back to 1865," Carruthers told him.
He came out alone.
I stay in business so long because I'm careful.
He did not leave the middle of the road.
Any approach toward such a system looks toward saving and security.
How much I knew will shortly become apparent.
He put the bottle down.
He peered closely at Hoag in the gathering darkness.
I have witnesses.
His face was clouded with unhappiness.
But now I am not lonely.
"There is nothing for you," Matsuo said.
I'm so happy to be here.
"That was a hell of a note," he thought.
His voice was chilling and cold.
Did something go bad with the breathing?
Conservatism and traditionalism seem implied by what has just been said.
I do not know that this is true.
His revolutionary anger is apparent in most of his early poems.
He is New York-born and Jewish.
Another marked difference is noted here.
Don't you speak English? the man opened his mouth wider.
Courses are provided mainly for post high school day programs.
Confabulation has come to determine structure.
And there would be no chance of signaling them.
He blew his nose expertly between his fingers.
I'll come by Tuesday.
But I will not skip it or cut it out.
"Pressure-happy," Artie said, and climbed in.
"We got fired," Jones said.
Drink your coffee.
But Nicolas, too, was being interrupted, that morning.
His feeling always exacted sacrifices from her.
He liked to savor his meat before he tasted it.
Arthur Williams had to be located, they agreed.
But this was no ordinary show and Andy knew it.
"So there it is," he said.
"Easy," Nogol confirmed.
I'm betting on that chance.
Arm your guns, Sweeneys.
He kissed her.
Daniel M. Friedman argued the cause for the United States.
I don't know why the County had to send anybody up here.
He had made himself the personification of the Devil to the homesteaders.
He lost all sense of dignity.
I must say the figure was well made up.
"Would you like to see my work?" Helva asked, politely.
Curt snuffed out the match.
He might say or do something foolish.
"I made you what you are," Gavin whispered.
I engaged more and more in religious activities.
Alexander said, "answer me properly, Spencer."
I won't force Beth to come against her will.
Here was another indispensable tool.
I don't think you should go down again.
I'll stampede the rest of these horses so they can't chase you.
I can't wait two weeks.
"You take it easy, boy," Clayton whispered.
I can't stop you from doing what you think is right.
I was hoping you'd say that, Willy.
Alec smirked.
I can't seem to locate landmarks in this snow.
Emotionally, they penetrated him not at all.
I just dropped in to ask where Jed Hawkins lives.
I meant it.
He supposed the military world would approve of his accomplishment.
Gilborn stood there for a long time.
He couldn't see the grin that split her mouth.
I drove him away.
Another problem is who will pay for the training.
Again, one major difficulty is the local focus.
For the Coolidges, it was Mr. and Mrs. Frank W. Stearns.
He held the knife aloft an instant.
"Thank you," the German had said courteously.
I can well understand your curiosity.
Check the overnighters out.
Barton cursed under his breath.
"You're the doctor," he returned with a smile.
"Well?" Griffith said, "Hoag told me to tell you?
"So what's this all about?" he demanded.
Family rationing probably will be necessary.
A third shot doused the light.
He lifted a screeching war whoop.
"Someday," Bonner said, "you're going to ask us for help."
"What picture?" he demanded.
Dr. Lalaurie and I didn't even know he was in the house.
I'm not going back there on account of one lousy kid.
He could do that when he would be a man.
But the parallel is significant.
I see there are some cars here.
"Do you need a bandage?" she asked steadily.
And then came the water.
Fifteen hundred names were selected in this fashion.
By 800 B.C. the Aegean was an area of common tongue.
Alfred was getting too sick to stay in his own home.
"But I would have gone anyway," thought Henrietta.
Griffith said, "That's impossible."
Even the eyes of the smallest children seemed malicious.
I have surprisingly little information on the size and age at maturity.
But Mrs. Mercer demanded more.
He had turned his ankle slightly, and it pained him.
Drink your beer.
I never see any.
For just an instant he thought of appealing to them for help.
After his passage, the street was empty again.
Bob Moore is plumb crazy about blue fishing.
I used the alias of Robert C. Richards.
He was sterilizing his knives.
"I guess so," she said.
An imaginary picture of Miss Langford flashed across Jack's mind.
He was born in Savannah, Georgia.
Berto knew all about Fascism.
Felix was the exception.
"That much Latin we remember," Gibby said dryly.
His small, mean eyes regarded Marty steadily, unblinkingly.
He had been seeing things.
I have an appointment.
I did not despair, however.
Her temper sparked like charcoal when it first lights up.
I'm just a poor ex-jazz man.
And the key to the suite is still missing.
Carl was still Charles A. Sandburg.
His words were mostly to himself.
But you're all wrong, man!
He spoke softly.
I'll pull the boards back and then get us a light.
He had lived all his life waiting for her.
"Ryan, look over there," Nogol said.
He felt a good deal less shaky.
He had done all he could and that was that.
Cappy looked down at his wide hands, and did not reply.
He moaned and pulled the hand away.
His father was a constant visitor.
Divide 40 by the amount used in item 2 above.
"This is no place for a young girl," he said.
Further letters in November mention that Sir Edward paid forty pounds.
"Husky young man," he said with mock distaste.
I went to an afternoon service.
I'm in a rush right now.
How and when should the Peace Corps be launched?
George didn't look up at all.
Development requires a long-term approach.
A real gentleman, I feel, would do neither.
He was going to make it, he told himself.
He seemed to be looking at a point above the little window.
I vowed to take care of you.
Her estate had grown considerably.
"You came straight up from two-hundred without a stop," Artie said.
He nodded triumphantly.
He did not dare climb back up to the road.
I nodded to Charlie.
I feel obliged to describe this cubbyhole.
He supported his mother and brother, who afterwards committed suicide.
He wants your ranch.
I sat by her on the divan.
His room will be ready shortly.
He jumped, and sank to his knees in muddy water.
Durkin and Calhoun came running from the post.
I'll tell him if I see him.
Another strategy was also attracting notice.
He certainly didn't want a wife who was fickle as Ann.
Abstract art was still the right path for him.
Electromyography revealed no evidence of lower motor neuron disease.
Carmer's ingenious cache for his loot had been found.
"I never saw that," said Mercer.
He let his eyelids droop and breathed heavily, feigning sleep.
Besides, terror had sapped some of Frayne's vitality and will.
Andy sighed.
And I appreciate the advice.
His name became synonymous with cold-blooded cruelty.
He had no rice.
I'll decide that when I get there.
From reconstruction to moon rockets.
But Bonner departed, still full of ill will.
His head barely rose above the table.
Both stages are assumed to have unity magnification.
I have no one but myself to worry about.
As she reached the kitchen door the answer presented itself.
Another field had given him fame enough to satisfy any egotist.
He would soon die.
I'll shoot the first man who doesn't.
His shout had been taken up and repeated.
"In the present," Felix proclaimed.
He was big.
Here would be a powerful force for raising business activity.
How's your luck, honey?
I didn't look at him.
He broke out of Folsom last night.
"No problem at all," said Macneff.
"I do my best," said Mr. Skyros earnestly.
Barton half-straightened in surprise.
He was determined to spend an industrious summer.
I won't bite, you know.
He was ordained deacon sixteen June and priest twenty-two December 1633.
"It's okay," Mr. Paxton.
Good-bye.
He forced himself to be deliberate.
"Therefore, a thousand pardons," said Hal.
Apparently they were of Caucasian blood.
"Maybe not, if you're two-hundred feet under water," Artie said.
"Stay right here where you are, kid," he called.
"It's time to go," I supposed.
But I want this to sink in awhile.
His household had gone through an upset.
Antithyroid drugs are of two general types.
Go to the same hotel and occupy the same suite.
Dances alternated with sung or spoken verses.
"That's deep enough," he decided.
Haydn C. Covington argued the cause and filed a brief.
About 1888 J. E. McNaughton of Barnumville became manager.
All of these sub-tests involve reading except Arithmetic Computation.
I imagine you're always battling in school.
I'd rather stay here and watch the girls, Charles grinned.
Airmail was used for the addresses outside the Pacific Northwest.
How do you know, stupid?
A fine example of engineering in a primitive society.
Even the bellboys on their bench were listening.
I haven't been in this state too long.
How did you find out about this?
A message of less than fifteen words to Bennington cost twenty-five cents.
I remember one day when Mr. Hearst stopped by.
Haven't I seen you.
But she went on down the list.
How had he failed?
Approaching shore their masts appeared.
Different sampling ratios were applied under different conditions.
"I want the part," she said.
Actually, two flags were used at the mansion.
Dresses were short in the days of Mrs. Coolidge.
I wanted to go to college, too.
I think you had better come home.
His ghost is not laid.
Alec glanced into the bathroom.
He remembered them well from his happy period.
He released her and joined Mike.
Adrien Deslonde hastened to Alexander's side.
He went down the steps to the galley and sleeping quarters.
"You may go no farther," he said imperiously.
I was lonely always.
"Oh, that's all right," he said.
However, all admitted that the hindsight was not altogether lost.
I have a witness.
A funeral parlor chain was indicted for price-cutting.
Brain ships were, of course, long past the experimental stages.
Hogan got down from the saddle and had a look inside.
How did we get here?
I"ve been riding the train for a ways now.
I turned and watched him stride down the center of the road.
He made his way back to the Jeep.
Andy felt his heart thud heavily with relief.
Check on the Payne luggage.
How do we define it?
A district station can't run smoothly.
I'll go, Clay.
He took a long but carefully controlled draft.
I must hurry to catch my train.
Although Bob dressed like a slob, he kept a neat office.
Could the ambassador kill himself?
He said that Mr. Wright was not in.
A hypothetical example will illustrate this point.
Copernicus' achievement was to have invented systematic astronomy.
God rest her soul, she was a sweet one.
Foster shook his halo.
"She's got guts," thought Keith.
Besides, I doubt if the cops will even try dusting.
Don't worry about me.
He has felt terrible about all this.
I'm still all covered with that soap.
Expecting something more-than-average wacky, I was surprised by what we found.
Gross reached in his desk and pulled out two newspaper clippings.
His eyes went back to contemplation of the sea.
"It's worse inside," Thornburg informed Andy.
Another young man, my dear?
He has to cope with frustration and other emotional disturbance.
How much more do you want?
Determine the particular State's Federal Share.
I got a quick look at their faces as we went past.
I looked.
Biological agents are, of course, highly host-specific.
Almost no empirical work has been done on the problem of alienation.
He ran into the rapture of the depths.
"Clay," he said, "where are we going?"
He tried to veer the rifle around to fire into Mike's body.
Bullets began to snap past him.
He turned to George and Lolotte.
From the first, he faced a difficult task.
But bitterness had more cause to remain, even increasingly to corrode.
Gunny symbolized so much that was unpleasant.
He has the distributorship for Florida.
He watched his own body with remote, casual interest.
He opened the door and followed Rourke out.
Even yet there was no realization in his eyes.
"I'll remember you," he said.
He's okay.
Amen.
His superiors had said that all marines were depraved.
"And I think you had better leave," replied Miriam.
He knew Alfred liked me.
He climbed back to the road, and he felt utterly exhausted.
I'd like to talk to him.
His approach to music is highly individualistic.
I'll be soaking for at least half an hour.
For several generations much fiction has appeared dealing with such topics.
But that indictment was never made.
At first I thought he had missed.
I'll see you later.
I doubt if anyone holds such ideas today.
He'll know when you tell him.
Even if he were angry, Tim wouldn't hurt a woman.
But worth waiting for.
I thank you most heartily for being here.
He knew how to shoot down Nazis.
How come your bow is always cockeyed?
I'll help.
And he really feels that way.
He hadn't touched her.
I would agree with this view.
Environmental intelligence is just as important.
He and his counterparts are perfectly respectable people.
I can take care of this.
I'll beat it.
I think they moved away shortly after they were married.
For Sam Spade, neither crime nor virtue pays.
Finally Luis Hernandez said, "What must be, must be."
He took the pen in his stumps and began to write.
Alfredo certainly must have enjoyed being alone.
Democratic Floor Leader Claude Kitchin would have no part of the measure.
First, Carl respects his audience and prepares his speeches carefully.
A sixth element, not always considered, is intelligence.
I reckon you know the news.
He was familiar with this type.
Ekstrohm stood up.
Body heat in the close quarters will help keep up the temperature.
I could not cling to my past nor did I wish to.
His second wife, Lillian, was the mother of John.
Halleck described it as the most brilliant of the war.
And, somewhere in that enormous light, was his apartment.
"This is a mighty empty country," Morgan said.
Although they drew light ground fire they saw no signs of activity.
He didn't want us to get married.
He'd come alone, without his wife and child.
He was calm, drugged, and lazy.
I couldn't agree with you more.
He had become king at fifteen.
Every man in every one of these houses is a Night Rider.
Alec leaned on the desk, holding the clerk's eyes with his.
His voice had not commanded her to stop.
He'll be stronger soon.
He was never heard of again.
He made a rush.
How on earth do you manage it?
I don't remember any overalls at all.
"Where'd your friend Hoag get his information?" he asked.
He waved at Fox to cut off the finale introduction.
However, technical difficulties arise by melting at local hot spots.
He was not unmoved.
But to Keith's London-bred mind, such acreage sounded rather invincible.
"How," he wondered, "does one enjoy one's spare time?"
Hatred tied his hands in Congress.
He was sharpening his razor.
"Yet," he told himself, "this was the best way."
After leaving Conrad, Gilborn had no destination.
For this decision a man must take personal responsibility.
But he was too late.
Eventually he subsided.
But what about our landing was lethal to the creatures?
He crouched there.
He quickly closed it again.
Gone is the tabula rasa of the mind.
He held the controls where they had been.
Early equipment was very flimsy.
All capabilities must be used to maximum advantage then.
He was a well-to-do, handsome, and sensitive young poet.
But we never know how long a scene is going to take.
I'll get some ointment.
Barton hesitated.
Does this help the non-Jew to understand this group?
But there are other contentions which might be considered more difficult.
He and Cobb clattered down the high steps to the street.
"They'll probably attack at dawn," Montero said.
And that's how Papa's estate was divided.
Along with this self-satisfaction, however, Joyce sensed a growing tension.
"No, I say," the lady twittered.
Brannon timed it so that they rode in an hour after nightfall.
I guess he wants to ask you some questions.
I want to talk to Sarah.
He strained his hearing.
Already some of the pain had gone from Amelia's death.
Gavin paused wearily.
"Yes, yes," he muttered impatiently.
Carefully, he undid the bow.
Hesperus, you may speak.
I'll just leave the door open.
"Nice kid," Ernie thought.
Digby calmed down, but made one request.
Emotionally it does not resemble Berlioz or Wagner.
"Sure," said Hirey.
Ernie crouched and opened the carpet bag.
But I'm ambidextrous.
He winced.
But we abide by their insight.
I'm inclined to think that they are about two Earth-weeks each.
I'll switch on the floods.
I kept trying to get him to take my money.
By the time he was prosperous enough, his goals were high.
I came up maybe fifty feet before I knew what was happening.
As he walked, he tried to think.
His father tried to make the food a topic.
And make my life different and better from this time on.
I meant what I said about that fire.
Clayton is with him.
"You know how it is," he added with a conspiratorial wink.
He wasn't being educated in those Village bull-sessions, as he claims.
I have helped him.
I don't know anything about him.
Douglass has studied the crystal structure of F by x-ray diffraction.
Come on, darling.
His calmness offers contrast to Grigori's youthful excitement.
Final adjuncts may or may not have dominant stress.
He had cultivated eccentricity to the point of second nature.
But we didn't.
He may also consider ideas.
He looked straight at Marty.
He rose at four a.m. the year round.
Aid advice is not interference.
His successors have adopted the opposite alternative.
Experiments were done at 100, 200, and 300 degrees.
He chose one from Mr. Miller's window.
His blue eyes sought the shimmering sea of haze ahead.
He was too old.
I don't want to leave here, Winston.
I do not want to quibble about typicality.
I'm not positive, Tim.
I can't just sit here.
I had been among the top third in my class at NYU.
He was well rid of her.
I can't see what would make it necessary for you to know.
I looked unceasingly with my cold mind and with my burning heart.
"Pardon?" the doctor had to bend close to hear.
Do you want me to drive it out?
He looked at where Roberts lay sprawled on the step.
At first Matilda could not believe her own eyes.
Cobb's assent was tight.
From Philadelphia came Cyrus Adler and Joseph Jastrow.
He swore, and said, "All right."
Dirion found a large war party south of us.
He was glad to have it there.
But he was afraid of the future.
I was familiar with Pilgrim's Progress, which I read as literature.
Every movement she made seemed unnecessarily noisy.
I told Ben so.
I shuddered and backed out of the room.
He said, "You bet."
"All you have to do is ask," he retorted hopefully.
Both are predictably destined to fail.
He had taken her upstairs to say good night.
After that, we began to get visitors to class.
I know where the car is.
I felt it would be inopportune to disclose my presence.
He would tell her not to pry into grownups' affairs.
He got us an old station wagon.
He spat.
He retreated a step and holstered his own.
I may be wrong.
How wonderful to see your cherished self.
Do you recall the number?
I'll have to do it myself.
Does this make it any easier, coward?
Easy does it, Phil.
Did you hear them?
He had apparently been alone.
He looked at his watch.
I took one step eastward.
I looked away.
"It's in the kitchen," he said.
Do you think Black's the one we're looking for?
"What's this?" the man said, backing up a step.
"Any luck?" he asked.
I truly smelled blood, death, heaps of corpses everywhere.
After all, that's the job of the architect.
He's a pretty good judge of character, Anderson.
I could smell woodsmoke, grease, and oil.
But roulette's not my game.
"He's all right, Craig," Rachel said.
A terrible chill swept through the grove.
All democratic and anti-Nazi parties were to have the right to campaign.
Almost immediately they began to sizzle.
Commentary was a mere suburb of Partisan Review, the arch-enemy.
Clumps of brush rode down the ribbon.
I have to think.
Here I think the role of the philosopher becomes apparent.
How come?
I told them I can handle this.
He had an uneasy feeling about it.
How can the United States act?
Did you see the car parked across the street?
"Of course," replied Helva logically, activating her outside scanners.
He admitted his behavior, and defended it.
But that is not exactly my point.
He was dead before he hit the ground.
He had always done well.
"He's finished eating," Hogan said.
He looked at his son, his face worried.
I heard nothing more.
I feel fine.
He had a 3-foot anaconda that weighed only 9 ounces.
I didn't know I was gonna have company in this car.
F is the shear force along the shear plane.
I think I know what you mean, Brassnose.
I have seen diapers strung across the ruined roof.
I have some security information about the prime minister.
I am married.
"I don't mind washing dishes now and then," he said pleasantly.
"Hesperus and Lucifer," Jack said, "show that we do."
"I am an honest man," the German said with fervor.
Aid is a long-term process.
He had a legitimate reason for wearing it.
As if drawn by a wire, the enemy flew into them.
And you know you're right.
How's Lissa, do you know?
"Hettie, they didn't sell you," he said miserably.
Channel-type image intensifiers are capable of achieving high-gain values.
Advice is given also on problems of plant location and plant space.
But he liked the smell of Delphine's perfume.
Dill had come up also.
"Have you ever tried to reason with an Eskimo?" she asked.
I feel kind of stiff.
He evidently earned the place assigned him.
A recognition of multiple cost functions is therefore required.
I walk around the house a lot.
I almost didn't tell you.
"Not much of a meal?" the girl cried.
"I think he might be," Conrad said grimly.
About nine this morning Mrs. Buck phoned.
All critics of Adams have observed this particular deficiency.
"You're Gavin's son," Joe Purvis had said.
A note of awe came into his voice.
But he was no man in the moon to me.
At the top a uniformed officer blocked further progress.
"Stay well back of me," he said.
Cappy's head came around sharply.
I was down to two hundred.
Ekstrohm was not asleep.
"You didn't go clear around," Benson said.
But she did not know which way to go.
Her name was Turu and she told me many things.
"Perhaps not in so many words," the German said.
Hello, Mike.
He sets him forth as being typical of the group.
Alec promptly removed the gun.
"It rests the tissues," he said, "and pacifies the system."
However, no diagram of her brain patterns, no early IQ.
I have a small sports shop in Strasbourg.
"Oh, I forget," and Helva's voice was really contrite.
Do you take in all the strays who come by?
But leave me alone.
Angie would hear about it.
"What outfit does she drive for?" Benson said.
Can you find it all right?
He took it without flinching.
Both magazines were rigid with reactionary fear.
I swear I am innocent.
His salary had reached the ten thousand mark.
Barton said harshly, "why did you do that?"
I can talk.
Hastily the boy switched on a ceiling light.
I will make him distributor for all of Florida.
Hostile glances were flashed at both Alexander and Gansevoort.
"Does this bother you?" I said.
He was beginning to feel woolly.
He was not stone.
Even his neck seemed thicker and, therefore, shorter.
From the very first he regarded himself as Mr. Hearst's disciple.
A terrible, numbing sense of futility swept over him.
Get in, buddies.
"The way you were careful?" he snorted.
I have it with me, right here.
I'll leave the air conditioner on for you, Mr. Ferrell,
How are you going to work with a child hanging on you?
He did not answer.
Coming over the wall he had seemed like a hideous devil.
He'd had no idea how unhappy his sweet peach had been.
He could think of no answer.
I come now to a fourth consideration.
Constitutions of and by themselves mean little.
I said go home, Joseph.
He finished his champagne and climbed uncertainly to the next landing.
I enjoyed my lessons.
He jerked once in the grass and lay still.
His wife was in delicate health and nursing an infant with measles.
His candidacy affected his journalism somewhat.
Hence, the F factor for the output fiber coupler is F.
He was sure of this.
I grew older and was promoted.
He guzzled down three-quarters of the strong home-blend and proffered the remainder.
However, the factor of physical isolation is not a static situation.
Another snarled close overhead.
But where was it going?
Eugenia sighed.
"Well," said Mr. Skyros.
"And me," said another Blue Throat henchman.
Give her time to miss you.
He was naked except for a clout.
He could not recognize it.
But the luck that had been running their way left him.
America did not become great through softness and self-indulgence.
"That sounds like what you're after," he said when Hank had finished.
He was partially uniformed in a cavalry tunic and hat.
I was hoping I'd hear from you today.
Cigarette butts littered the floor.
"Ekstrohm, you and I will have a look," Ryan said.
But these kids weren't like him.
Faulkner's is not the mind of the apologist which Mr. O'Donnell implies.
"Come on," he whispered.
For, with a single exception, nothing had happened to them.
"I'll have to give it some thought," he said.
Even earlier Haverfield had come to the same conclusion.
Diversity of fact, yes.
For details see inset, figure five.
He took a big swig of his drink.
He knew who was riding after him.
He had brought it along to continue during the voyage.
He did not mind the useless, kindly questions.
Any agreement to the contrary shall be unlawful and void.
How's it strike you, foul or fair?
Another anode holder used in the experiments is shown in figure three.
He thought he saw a pale face at a window.
Are we better off for having Shakespeare's idea of Shylock?
He carried it in a little wallet made of fish skin.
He caught her by an arm and helped her into the kitchen.
Billy Tillman is too good a man to shoot in the back.
A difference between subspecies might explain the great range in size.
George Meredith has said that fervor is the core of style.
I recommend it.
"No, but the fat's in the fire," Mike said.
He's just a big pile of self-confidence in an almost teensy package.
I guess I can't think of anyone, Pete.
He crossed himself again and rose.
He was tall and dark-skinned.
His eyes burned feverishly.
And their chroniclers are not the dramatic poets but the prose novelists.
For a few minutes there was nothing to hear.
I see no real prospects for an all-Negro school population.
He leered at the stranger as the distance between them closed.
But she sat on in stubborn silence.
Anything to do with an ace of spades is bad luck.
I'll be shooting right back.
His charges would be added to the cost of materials.
I'll be there.
I introduced my friend Larry to Pops and we made ourselves comfortable.
He memorized them thoroughly.
Also given are several laboratory wash procedures in general use.
I think you are being unfair to take these things up now.
I think you aren't taking me seriously, Phil.
His wife didn't give a sign she'd heard.
Did you ever know a man with greater zest for information?
And why that insistence?
"Another youth, Madame?" the coachman said softly.
"We are not going to be rushed and murdered," Alexander said.
I'll drop by again in a few days.
"Any time, Roberts," he said.
Do you understand that?
But in the plane there was a concrete reason for it.
He may try to phone us.
But what was there to do?
He too asked to see the same page.
At least there is room here.
A further possibility is suggested by the example of the G.I.
A half hour later the Vice President arrived.
But there was no definite agreement about business arrangements.
How could he exert authority over them.
Helpless in that sense I can never be again.
I was drawn deeper and deeper into these concerns and responsibilities.
I drank furiously.
Governments are rarely monolithic.
He's quite a rat, you know.
I'm just thinking of a way for you to be sensible.
But F is vastly larger than J.
A Bay State supporter said that Mr. Hearst's fight has been helped.
He figured his best bet was a call on the sheriff.
An incoherent, puzzled sound came from the red mouth.
Brenner's voice was oily, but Summers wasn't fooled.
Definite information on the growth of senile individuals is lacking.
A wildcatter had to be prepared for almost any emergency.
He is not lost in the abyss of endless time.
Griffith looked at him suspiciously through red-rimmed eyes.
He comes to Rome and becomes a great and beloved Pope.
Glendora flapped away.
Each plane carried two five-hundred pound bombs.
Did you ever see yourself spread out on the pavement, Benny?
He drew back, embarrassed and pleased.
Criminals, as well as model citizens, exercise their minds.
Gorton and his family moved to Plymouth.
His remedy for Thompson's despondent mood was typically practical.
Gross pointed to the Manley story.
Docherty went taut.
Her own sound production equipment was essentially more instrumental than vocal.
An ammunition case stood open, containing canisters which contained powder cartridges.
"Perfect," he thought.
Freeways boost valuation.
He and Warren had traveled together for four days.
He waited eagerly.
Did the Old Man remember them there?
He wouldn't look Tillman in the face.
Chief interest in radiosterilization resides in the military services.
Henrietta nodded.
Do they still live here?
"We can get it if we dig," he said patiently.
His front teeth were missing.
Copernicus did not question it, Ptolemy could not.
"Put the rifle down, Joseph," the girl said.
I guess I better get ready to go.
Be sure it's out when you leave.
Do you you mean dream?
I'm always trying to find a breaking table in blackjack.
I stood there staring at her for a moment.
He left the rest of his things and returned to the lobby.
At last her lawyer, Arthur D. Cloud, gave up.
He had returned to the pension a week ago.
Are you about ready?
Holden stepped on the gas.
I don't know about that.
A lantern hung from a peg, giving light.
He had a feeling thanks to the girl.
"Do you have a boy friend?" I asked.
Come, I'll show you.
Albert B. Lord suggests that the Homeric poems were dictated.
A rabbit punch redoubled him.
Brannon, you've assaulted a law officer.
He kissed her also, and with deep tenderness.
He went to the Hotel Mayflower and telegraphed Mencken.
Few passed.
Grosse swore now.
I believe I am in good company in this view.
Fuming, helpless, he watched them pass him.
He opened his eyes.
High-gain photoelectronic image intensification may be achieved by several methods.
"Are you my partner?" she asked hopefully.
Hub, you stick by the stage door.
Artists simply do not talk to each other in that fashion.
Helva turned her vision back to magnification and surveyed her copy critically.
After that, they had sat for five minutes without saying a word.
Greg's fingers closed on the stick trigger.
He doesn't like anybody mucking up primary evidence.
From this time on, he proceeded to find his deeper self.
"In back, buddy," the driver said to me.
He had a capacity.
Anyhow, it was high time the boy was salted.
He will not be fooled by technicalities.
I have supported the Democratic party in the last five campaigns.
A man could make a mark there.
And we'll never know which.
I'd often find one of them up around Dogtown sketching.
I was American.
He would square his shoulders and carry a cane before each step.
Gulf Springs was ten miles inland.
"Any difference in the rate?" I asked.
Certainly it is the most pretentious and elaborate.
Deliberately, she ignored the yelp.
Carl Dill was neither a rancher nor a valley man.
Emission spectra indicated F calcium and all other impurities much lower.
He could not leave the road because of the water-filled drainage ditch.
I believe in returning favors.
His eyes widened.
But when he was finally through, their scorn was made apparent.
Friend or enemy? the same old question.
Curt moved in and picked up his gun.
Each faded out into the unexplored areas of the future.
"I read those newspaper stories about you," she had said.
A combo was staying there.
A mathematical block diagram for the leveling system is shown in Figure 2.
Anyway, I wasn't down long enough to matter.
But clarity is not enough.
Folly danced, eager for whatever lay beyond the door.
I always keep a set in the car.
Conrad interrupted.
He understood her panic.
Here, if anywhere, it is not wholly incontrovertible.
Don't worry about the Acropolis.
I meant him no harm.
"My name's Gisele," the blonde said after she ordered a Scotch.
He was looking dangerous now.
Curt reached out and dropped Jess's pistol.
"I'll see," Morgan said.
I must then be standing on the line between France and Germany.
Her eyes flashed angrily.
He was only vaguely aware of the sluicing rain.
I saw Sedgwick often before his death at ninety-five.
After that, he was never known to run or even walk fast.
He said he wanted very much to listen.
But from Rocco Vecchio, they heard nothing.
He called the store owner and together they went into the stockroom.
I was in charge of the arrangements.
How are you?
How will the Peace Corps be received abroad?
Furthermore, he must regard religion as the expression of human forces.
He did not try to run.
I wish you luck when you try scaring that kid.
But his business also grew.
But none of this could soothe the exacerbated nerves.
His bust shows an intense, mustached, fine-featured face.
For more explicit expositions, one must distinguish different types of analyses.
But Graham hadn't stumbled on it.
Bury those uniforms so they won't be found.
"She's been talking about a picture," Winston told him.
For over the years he had received many such calls.
By this time it was dark.
Beside him was Mrs. Dalloway.
His four weeks in Italy had turned into nearer three months.
He swung up over the wheel.
But simplicity here refers to systematic simplicity.
His own fate he accepted.
But he still wanted to know why.
I was hit, knocked out.
He said, "Captain, may I speak, please?"
I never wear anything at all.
I waited a few minutes and she sat up.
And they traveled out of New York.
Haney hadn't given it much thought at the time.
"She won't change her mind," Brannon said.
Are you trying to cut your throat?
I was held up a bit trying to make a left turn.
Attributes are similar to a loss carryover.
His nerves seemed frost-bitten.
He snapped to alertness at Andy's entrance.
He was moving like a ballet dancer, playing for laughs.
But theirs defied the detectors.
During World War Two about seven million persons were enrolled.
"You know, Summers," he said thoughtfully.
He tossed her a towel.
Blockade is one answer offered.
Haney's eyebrows flew up.
Are you all right, my brother?
A third volume remains to be published.
"All my life," he said, "I tried."
"Leave me alone," Gun thought.
Characteristically, he enjoyed writing the work.
I suppose Handley knew it.
At once the Jesuit pulls out all the stops.
He also sued them for taking toll of grain at their market.
His face pale, Summers headed for the street.
Each group is paginated separately.
"Summer's been slow to come," he said.
"That's my boy!" Mr. Forsythe exclaimed.
He was out cold, if not dead.
He dismissed the possibility at once.
I could have written anything.
Again we waited for Montero.
Banks had a family.
I cannot speak for others, sir, but I am innocent.
I have a couple of them I'm figuring on.
Dr. Louis Lalaurie examined the inert form of the slave.
"You do seem to," said Henrietta, impressed.
Coverage of primary literature will follow.
Berto seemed worried, too.
"We misjudged you," he said slowly.
Background spectra were obtained in all cases.
I belong to Master Alexander Prieur.
He remembered the last time he had eaten.
"Excuse me," he said abruptly.
Hesperus was in there.
He went back to work Monday.
He was never without that dog.
He then applied this principle of reciprocal inhibition to human neuroses.
But Gardner Willings was not included.
I ought to.
He showed little interest in measures put forward by the regular Democrats.
I withdrew my hand.
He rolled toward her and took her in his arms.
"He must have forgiven me," Henrietta murmured to the room.
"How'd you hear about this one?" I grinned.
I was lucky they let me go, I guess.
As she worked she absentmindedly crooned, producing a curious sound.
Don't you have to spend any time on your ranch?
I would like to believe that my ability warranted this advancement.
I'm not a gunslinger.
Brannon shook his head.
I went over to the Willows and dropped two notes.
From 1896 until 1910 John H. Whipple was manager of Western Union.
I was out in the district, sir.
He knew nothing about the man's history.
He rose from the chair and took off his coat.
All tourists come to Florida.
He could hear horses moving around inside, and nothing else.
He didn't like the way it was carried out.
An inch lower and it would have knocked him out.
At last he reached for the knife.
He raised the Winchester and pointed it at Wilson's chest.
But that was a long time ago.
Grosse ducked and sniggered.
His gun was half drawn.
But it's such a long shot!
I heard how you outdrew Chico.
He tightened his turn.
He peered from a loophole.
"That's what I mean about you, Anderson," she said.
Did you ever see a play?
Do you ever get homesick?
Alec's face was dark, blunt, and sulky.
I lived alone here for three years, before any man came.
He was knocking down checks at faro.
I'll shove along home.
"We're here because of what happened last night," he said.
He loves you because you're a beautiful woman.
Barton stood up.
He said tensely, "All right."
Hardy obviously felt that these poems were peculiarly personal and private.
Besides the belt he wore a loin cloth.
"Come sit," said Feathertop, motioning them toward him.
Anglo-Saxon poetry appears to have no comparable amount of repetition.
He was the captain, so he could ask questions like that.
A band viscometer is shown in Figure two.
Among foreign countries responding were Germany, Canada, and Brazil.
Faulkner is a most untraditional traditionalist.
Children need help in learning to control their emotions.
I was expecting it.
I know.
Figure one describes the results obtained in this trial.
He's a nice guy.
Furthermore, the list is interesting for its omissions.
I ought to remember.
I had had difficulties from the very first day.
But the scene was not the quiet, calm scene I'd expected.
Almost anyone could have written it.
Concrete blocks are passed between the beams and put on the boards.
Alexander walked away.
He was, in fact, showing signs of reviving.
I shall tell of it later on.
Cures for the depression literally flooded Washington.
By the time he had smoked three cigarettes he had calmed down.
And nothing would be done about it.
"Some can be lonely in a crowd," Nogol said elaborately.
"I have no card," she said bitterly.
He said, right around the corner.
"All right," Calenda said, his voice still quiet.
Any little dose of radiation might knock off these critters.
But there are big rogues in both countries.
Fromm says these data show that job dissatisfaction and resentment are widespread.
He placed a bottle opener on the counter.
But his own work was evolving further.
But one afternoon Mrs. Mercer met her.
About this man we had to think twice.
But these terms are treacherous.
I urge once again that the Congress not reenact this rider.
He had made an assault once with eighteen men.
"Work?" asked the lady.
He stood up, cocked his head and eyed Gun coldly.
Brassnose was strangely silent.
I managed to do this by the time the great A. B. returned.
He claimed you made other slanderous allegations.
Dean resisted Mike's attempt to push him toward the horse.
He just didn't want to talk about it.
His hands lay loosely, yet stiffly.
He still had three miles to go.
I know that one must act.
Dr. Adenauer was approached by a world citizen delegation.
I said, "How long do they keep that up?"
I drummed on the kitchen table with my pencil.
"You're awfully kind," the girl said.
Clayton freed himself from the embrace and stepped back.
"You had better get inside," he warned her.
Every policy officer cannot help but be a planning officer.
I resented them.
I felt that I must devote myself to the outside world.
As these maladies overlap, so must the cure.
He might not be found for days, even weeks.
Are we in Wyoming?
And let me add utopianism, also.
"Well, now," he said, and reached into his pocket.
Angie knew all about that, too.
But the extent of ethical robotism is easily overestimated.
He rubbed his eyes sleepily with one huge paw.
Copernican astronomy is simpler than Ptolemaic.
Figure one was taken in 1953.
Every day I visit a different hotel.
Consider the tense system.
Besides being political allies, they were also friends.
All of its cities close their fiscal years on December thirty-first.
I wouldn't have gone into nursing if I didn't care about people.
Another good friend of the Coolidges' was George B. Harvey.
Dawn would come soon and the night was at its coldest.
"Yes!" Owen called out.
But the oral poet cannot pause.
He said, "Cromwell is telling you the truth."
I recall that several years their taxes exceeded $800.
Here's the picture we want to leave for the fuzz.
Even Hague was repelled by the machinelike deadliness that was Kodyke.
Certainly, sir.
He scarcely saw them.
Brian Thayer was a thoroughly honest and competent administrator.
I might not make any money but I'd sure have patients.
A voice spoke near-at-hand.
I never heard that.
But since 1945, Sam Spade has undergone a metamorphosis.
I gauged that blow to be borderline.
I'll take the middle.
I suppose we might classify Billy Graham as an old liberal.
But here we have a distinctly modern preoccupation.
Fixed installations offer possibilities for area detection.
I had signed it off on the forms.
I want to study your landlord's habits and movements first.
And I sort of got a corner on the market.
Anybody carrying anything that might hide a rifle?
But that's what he told me.
"What happens when there's no more water?" she asked smolderingly.
I suppose.
He said they'd have a patrol car here fast.
"Whatever are they talking about?" Conchita wondered.
All were empty except one.
Consider couples visiting an art museum.
His wounds need dressing now.
I gave you a drink and then you went to sleep.
After all, I didn't know you, Pete.
Clearly, this was a family in crisis.
At the gate he slowed, looking around.
I remember her because she didn't want her picture in the paper.
He asked if there was anything he could do.
Before God, Captain, I am innocent.
Gross had received Marshall courteously and they were discussing the case.
Both have excellent integration of their fiscal tax collection year calendars.
Consider what follows from the positivist view.
"I hate to leave my garden," Gavin said.
"Bully for you," Gibby said.
But the Indian was jabbing another bottle toward Johnson.
But, of course, he remembered now.
I own the place.
How much overweight is she?
Eight or nine steps above him, Roberts had paused.
I go over to Castro and get fixed up there.
His accomplishments guaranteed him entry into any social gathering.
He did not look at them now.
I will give Mr. Roy his due for this dive.
He sniffed and recognized it.
I can't be happy long without drinking water.
Barton nodded.
But it was a landmark.
He chuckled and gave the signal for the dance to start.
Count what you've got there.
"Too many times was the truth of it," Winston thought.
I don't believe I'll play any more.
His toes pointed out toward the walls.
His energy was gone.
A metal table and four chairs stood in the center.
I appreciate it.
I had some reasons, too.
He is innocent.
He began sweating.
He knew all the events which could take place on Shayol.
He would offer no theory to account for her murder.
I don't think I can.
"He wasn't in the car," Ramey said.
"I'm Mrs. Gertrude Parker," a soft voice explained.
He did not bother with his radio.
Finally, Mama did mention to Mrs. Coolidge that she felt sorry.
I asked one day what he was doing.
Actually Heaven and the Dark Kingdom overlap.
Didn't they tell you what I wanted the p. a. system for?
He couldn't stop killing.
Have you any idea what this Tim and Mrs. Buck were arguing about?
"Do you remember Big Charlie?" he whispered.
Everybody had accepted her for what she was.
Ballets were used in opera from its beginning.
Come right along.
Gavin slipped his arms around his chest and hugged him fiercely.
I went to visit Alfred in the Kingston Hospital a few times.
But in every period it has been humanism.
I went through and down, into pitch darkness.
He did have a nice smile.
He crawled into bed and switched off the light.
He did not care.
He paused.
I shall never be lonely again.
Competitive processes for preserving meats are by canning and freezing.
But the liquor had flushed their courage.
For now, it is clear that we were in the wrong.
I have little information on the anaconda's rate of growth.
Andy gathered that this had been no small accomplishment.
But after all, why should they?
An important recent trend is the development of area vocational schools.
I want you here.
His land had never been plowed.
As artists, they were very similar.
Avowed atheists or freethinkers are so rare as to be a curiosity.
He would have to do something on his own.
He waved his arm.
Feelings of a community of interest will have to be recreated.
How stupid to give his position away.
And, slowly, feeling himself icy yet burning, Hal turned.
Are you positive?
Furthermore I can identify each design.
He did not speak.
But, she'd be very careful.
Alison was still sound asleep.
He turned and raced across the parade ground toward the rock house.
He let a patrolman take over the duties.
I don't know what you're up to.
"I loved this valley," he whispered huskily.
As such it acts as an anchor for the people.
Do you want to try and meet him there?
Greg tightened his turn until the plane shuddered.
Hot dogs aren't the greatest, but they stick to your belly insides.
He hauled back on the stick and felt his cheeks sag.
He staggered over and dropped it on the table.
He said no more.
A battery-powered radio is essential.
Escape now.
He gave Mr. Jack a real going-over.
Cut off every building at the seventh floor.
Furthermore, the chromatic aberrations depend on the chosen high voltage.
"How could they not?" thought Hal.
He caught up with the old man in the living room.
He smiled thinly, savoring his joke.
Alec leaned forward to look.
An interregnum ensues in which not men but ideas compete for existence.
"What a stinking world," Rourke said.
A cow owned by an old woman trespassed on Gorton's land.
Feeling useless seems generally to be an unpleasant sensation.
"My reputation's my stock in trade," Tom mentioned more than once.
A detailed energy balance of the anode was established.
Guerrillas were only a dozen yards away, charging the house.
He is the oldest and most experienced of the lot.
After their supper, the evening turned into a regular Hoe-Down.
I recoil from the very thought.
He looked around.
He suspected it was Ed Thornburg.
Can we withhold funds to schools that deny children on account of race?
His handwriting was on a rock.
He's a friend of mine.
I'm not supposed to yet.
But I'm sure the other one was Lou.
He did not deny God.
"Does your husband have a car?" I asked.
I'll go with George.
Get happy.
He aimed, but listened.
He's a pinto and he photographs wonderfully.
And so he had, so he had.
All about him stood tombstones his own sensitive great hands had fashioned.
He sprinted to the rail and leaped overboard into the shark-infested waters.
He is a man raving mad on the way to the churchyard.
Andy said, "Well, I guess we can't wait any longer."
But the boy could see only the goat's belly.
Do you want me to call her?
I reached over and switched off the electronic bugging device.
Get out of here.
I have not the heart.
Artists and poets are the raw nerve-ends of humanity.
He's in the Hotel King Arthur across the street.
About now he's probably having supper.
I'd like the room I had the last time.
But it was nothing more than that.
He wanted Mr. Sandburg to pose with one of the guitars.
But contrary to Whitehead, philosophy is not a synonym for Plato.
He was very tanned.
Forbes had motive and Stacy had opportunity.
Distances of less than ten inches are not recommended.
Do you know where it might have gone?
Don't try to be noble!
But none of these has been implemented.
However, she was able to relax and yield to the moment.
"I know what we can do," I said.
At law school, the same.
I guess it's this hot weather.
I loved my garden.
But Nick would not let go.
Autos whizzed past.
Gun cleared his throat.
Fear of the competition is always a great motivating force.
But we cannot start off with a clean slate.
"No, it isn't," Ekstrohm said.
I'm no lawyer.
But stupidity was no consolation when it had rank.
He has almost never used strict poetic forms.
Elaine turned and started toward the companionway.
And Lilly's whole family seemed to be an apology for Mr. Banks.
How come you're riding the rails?
Gross's being outside the UN applied only to a physical state.
His second conclusion, on semantic word classes, agrees with mine.
He will always be my example of a true statesman.
A refuse bin at the Dumont turned up a florist's box.
His nose was tickled.
But can one, really?
But it did print good verse and good fiction.
He did receive a resume of it.
A contractor probably would be required to help build it.
"I said I would," Pam said.
I had felt the draft they were making while mounting the stairs.
"Suppose you tell me the real reason," he drawled.
Also, he was now forty-three years old.
"Get it out," Brannon ordered.
I'm eating more, he would say.
"I have to get back to Jarrodsville," he went on.
He could not keep his eyes off her when at school.
Alec's first impression of the lobby was gloomy.
Guidance and advice are available on new product research and development.
He left in a storm for Pocasset.
Both sides claimed that Plato and Aristotle supported their cause.
But she suffered in her off-duty hours.
He had lots of friends.
After that day, Blanche still didn't know exactly what had happened.
By now Curt was seeing clearly again.
But now what?
"I'm Billy Jones," the boy answered.
How could he comprehend her need when he himself was innocent?
Hirey Lindsay is chairman of the board of supervisors.
He swung in through his own wide gateway.
A tight wagon meant so much.
"Now, listen," Macklin began.
Feathertop screwed his face up.
Again he groped for the light switch.
He took Madden into the room he used as an office.
He did not return my interest.
God help you if she knows where she's been.
Eating while angry had given her a slight indigestion.
Halfway across the house, he could have smelled her morning perfume.
Are you Cromwell?
"Wait here, Neal," said Tillman.
He thought for a moment his heart had stopped beating.
But it is true, nevertheless.
His friend Jane was with him.
"Yes, what is it?" he asked.
But only those already married could enroll in this one section.
But today we were aware of only two men.
A short time later, Lieutenant Bonner stomped into the dressing room.
He darted inside the stockade and freed the horses there.
"Your porridge is no breakfast," he said.
I'd like to make sure.
Hood refused to notice anything except captured guns and colors.
A prototype which fulfills the requirements was developed and tested.
Detailed studies of the plan were well underway.
I shall argue that we do mean to do just that.
But he couldn't imagine where.
Don't let me catch you down here again without stockings!
He felt a little sick at his stomach.
Dr. Louis Lalaurie stood on the veranda.
Curt was too involved in his own problems to pay much attention.
"Four years!" she wailed.
Baker moved first.
Her glance swung past the trailer where the two drivers were standing.
He considered opening a can of beer but vetoed that idea too.
From a great distance thunder growled and broke the silence.
He had a thousand things to see to.
"You said a mouthful," Eugenia said grimly.
He drew a deep breath.
Aren't you hungry?
Andy rolled up the revised script he had been studying.
He was readying a batch of sourdough biscuits for the Dutch oven.
He was the House pariah.
Ekstrohm nudged it with a boot.
By 1871 L. C. Orvis was manager of the Western Union Telegraph.
Certainly, she wouldn't dare ask her father afterward.
He had to hide it.
I don't know, Stormy.
"I never felt better in my life," Fiske blustered.
How many times have I told you?
His inability to wonder vitiates his argument.
He is a fingerprint specialist.
His fingers touched the bone handle of a knife.
He knew she was not sulking, not even angry at him.
He cleared his throat.
Every so often he turned the knife.
He had a good idea why not.
A flame would use up air.
But there were great satisfactions, even for a small man.
Ekstrohm shouldered his way outside and scanned the veldt.
However, as a field measurement, it is open to question.
He had cursed at them and threatened them.
He did not spill over with hatred for the enemy.
He was a good impresser, that Pornsen.
For exactly three unpaired electrons the coefficient would be 3.
I want you to have the speakers taken out.
Diana Beauclerk was a second-rate actress living in New York.
I swear it, sir.
He looked up and grinned.
Everything about the clerk was trivial.
Don't bother.
I grinned at Rachel.
"Get a basket," Sarah told her.
He had collared one of his generals in public.
But surely you have misunderstood Mr. Roy.
He stumbled and fell, but it did not hurt.
Alec heard a faint sound.
He was standing in front of the mirror, tightening his tie.
Gray Eyes remained erect.
However, the problem of consumer acceptability remains.
"OK, I won't play hard," he promised.
He's having some kind of a fit.
All men went away from here.
I admire the English lady.
I was amazed.
He got her dozens of them.
Gavin's face was bloodless with excitement.
Did you hear Tim return?
"Penny's always glad to see me over there," he mused bleakly.
I didn't think there was any reason to.
A car pulled into the driveway outside the window.
He ran a fair-sized farm.
He saw the child-face grimace as the head was cut.
He wasn't so sure about the boy.
"I've drawn his fangs," he snapped.
During this period, seven thousand teaching sets were distributed on loan.
Each stood out.
Be excited and don't identify yourself.
He did not look back.
"How do you do?" she said, semi-professionally.
I won't even try to thank you.
A double explosion followed.
I have a little job for you, Charlie.
A slug had torn half of his stirrup-guard away.
I think it's a good deal.
And then there were other things.
He ceased weeping.
He told himself he had never seen two people eat so much.
Hal doubted if this happy event would occur.
Eighty-five specimens were loaned for study purposes.
He telephoned L. M. Birkhead.
He might deny the latter.
I dropped the sheet and glanced at my watch.
Her words jumbled together.
He had a short, heavy, powerful body.
His eyes were dazed.
For Hammer, nothing is forbidden.
He held the black plastic kazoo lightly.
After fifteen minutes of traffic driving he turned to the left.
I forced confidence into myself.
Families with children will have particular problems.
He studied the night clerk as a man measures an adversary.
He didn't stir.
Daniel Forbes, her divorced husband, lived there.
I drew diagrams and floor plans.
He rose from his chair.
"I'm allergic to Tahoe," Owen explained.
"He's not there," he said, getting back onto his horse.
He was not irritated.
Haney swished the liquor in the bottom of his glass.
He wasn't like so many other men.
Anything wrong, Captain?
He said, "I'm going to bed."
I believed him.
He was just short of arm's reach when he stopped.
According to these needles, they're stone dead.
"No, I'm not hungry," he said.
His comrades were all dead.
A Pollock is an object of art.
I don't see them.
I'll see word gets around.
I'm going to put it on my dresser.
Billy Tillman did just that.
I do not suppose you ever heard of F. Scott Fitzgerald.
I made you so you could stand up.
"Thank you, my dear," he said.
But was he infallible in all things?
But the car moved off and Alfred just looked straight ahead.
He meant to say more, but he never got the chance.
Heave on those ropes.
He said the matter was urgent.
But one word at a time, OK?
He stopped stone-still.
I understand how you feel about the child.
Here I do not mean catharsis, the discharge of emotion.
I got it, Andy.
His work has been discussed in this chapter.
"Could you find me a needle and thread?" the girl asked.
"Go on," she said.
Fortunately we were alone in the building.
For years it's been just Felix.
Gray Eyes was in the lead.
He could see in almost total darkness.
He had crashed on takeoff once before.
I'm on my way to see the Jacobs woman.
Further we cannot go, for the Dark ages deserve their name.
His years of campaigning had taught him the value of water discipline.
I had no doubt that it was.
By then they could never catch up with the others.
"There's too much fooling around," he said.
"Where do you get off, Ryan?" Ekstrohm demanded.
A dried-up cowboy sat down next to him in the blonde's place.
"Hydraulic?" he asked.
Actually, she had hated him before she ever saw him.
I never saw him.
I looked from her to him.
I'm no baby sitter.
But we were really going to do it.
"Do you have anything for me?" Mercer stammered.
A big car was approaching, its chrome teeth grinning.
Although open to the general public it is not overcrowded.
He was caught in a machine.
His lips were bruised and swollen where Alec had hit him.
He knew Conrad had told him the truth.
"Hi, Buzz," Owen said.
He grinned at them wolfishly.
I told you there's nothing between Midge and me.
"Nice place," I told him.
I had developed too foolproof a facade to be afraid of self-betrayal.
"One moment," Herr Schaffner said.
Branch Offices are located in other large cities.
"Soon," said the half-man.
But the youth asked nothing of his parents.
And, of course, you know not to take clippings.
"Just come along," Brannon told him.
Her name was Esther Peter.
He had been weary.
He saw them, specks against the gray, but closing fast.
He's getting plenty of rest.
Figure one portrays the mean achievement scores of each sub-group graphically.
"There's the one who's lucky!"
Hub considered.
"You really in a hurry, handsome?" she asked.
"Go to sleep," he said.
I tossed the bottle.
"Some guys bothered me," Mercer has said.
"Please, dear God, make my pilots good," he prayed.
He was determined to hold out.
I left mine many a time, only she never knew it.
Hush followed.
His jowls were spiked by barbs of graying beard.
Few writers have better understood their deepest selves.
He picked up the powder canister and ran out.
He couldn't see.
Here an important caveat is in order.
He held a cigarette in his right hand.
I'll make them dance the tango.
A letter awaited her at Princeton.
Adler came to study Assyriology.
"What do you mean?" Waddell asked, frowning.
Clayton lifted him gently into the saddle, like a child.
I drew back, drawing back my foot for a kick.
At last Gabriel spoke.
"Look," he said.
Aren't you ever going to go home?
He thanked me.
I saw you drifting away.
"That's hardly a Christian approach," she remonstrated.
Don't start anything you can't finish.
I don't believe it.
At no time were algae found in the mixed liquor.
He avoided showing any surprise or annoyance when no one answered him.
He felt tired and full and calm.
Do you think I can't count?
I really do have something important to tell you, Mr. Scott.
He was absolutely unfamiliar with it.
He seems to use the term alienation in two different ways.
He could feel eyes on his back.
I was watching for numbers.
Dr. Isaacs was pleased with the quality of her biographical study.
He shivered in the warm cockpit.
An analysis of the election falls naturally in four parts.
Hogan gripped the lawman's other arm.
He was dead before his body made contact with the floor.
He gave a short hard laugh and looked at her knowingly.
But his only hat was something else again.
How often do they add up to headlines?
As if in a trance, she repeats his words.
I'll tell you why I didn't go to college.
Dinner and the movies had been fine.
"Not a bit," I said.
All of Adams' work reflects this dogmatic characteristic.
Arthur Williams's might well have been included, he felt.
Determine each State's population.
Colonel Henri Garvier was one of New Orleans' most important men.
He dropped his own beside it.
I wonder if the Carters would take one.
But they could turn and escape to the east.
He was holding the piece of lead pipe out to me.
He hadn't even pretended to be farming his spread.
Holden waved a hand at the empty street.
Powers knocked his arm aside.
The hired man ran over to help his boss.
This meant sorting out press clippings and the like.
Rachel mentioned Kate.
To Dylan and Bird it was an agony and terror.
It wasn't as if she wanted much.
Jess stumbled through the door.
The bellboy unlocked a white door numbered eleven.
In the hush that followed the echoes, Matsuo was tense.
It seemed as if they were all under a spell.
Operators were Arthur Koop and Norman Taylor.
When Mrs. Coolidge was in mourning, she did not wear black.
That was all they needed.
Silence came into the forest.
The State cops would check from time to time.
The historian Charles Francis Adams called him a crude and half-crazy thinker.
Now for their exodus from Gulf Springs.
Many of them appear to drop out for one reason or another.
It appeared that the theory could be saved in one way only.
Now he felt light and gay.
The issue was left in abeyance, presumably for the peace conference.
She's cooked in a restaurant.
Just hold it that way.
It made Wilson wonder.
It provides exactly the same reason.
When this happened, everything stopped.
L. M. Birkhead challenged him to name one and he was silent.
I've got to see the kitchen.
The blast damaged, but did not destroy the room.
Why did you hit him?
The scar looked pure white in the half-darkness.
In the later poems, however, the personal tone predominates.
Well? weren't you going to say something?
She'd have consulted us, you see.
Your time will come.
It was getting light.
You'd better hurry.
Quality and combat readiness must take precedence over mere numbers.
Mike turned away.
The unconquerable Mrs. Hutchinson was residing at Pocasset.
To act otherwise would be to admit his helplessness.
This character could break him in half.
The boy provoked it.
It was the theme song.
Most assuredly ideas are invaluable.
It will be good for you.
Reverend Jason, looking worried, hurried toward us.
The school was small, dark and ill-equipped.
Thank you very much,
It was called Kent House.
It has a Beach license, Tim.
The Court of Appeals affirmed.
Maybe if the marshal hears this himself, it'll make a difference.
Powers had not followed.
That is his privilege.
Pat moved into it.
Tell me about Arbuckle.
That way I don't lose so much.
It was almost as white as his teeth.
Yet suddenly he was wide-awake.
There was a battle on an average of once every three weeks.
It is never motion towards something.
Mrs. Coolidge gave Mama this dress for me.
OK, Tillman, I'm quitting.
Why did you do it?
The engine throbbed into life.
So what?
In between teratologies, she was a pretty and shapely woman.
Now there could be an end to pretending.
Of these exhibits, 200 were newly constructed.
Roberts appeared to be dead.
The overcast was solid above him.
Let me then, and in public, glance into the mirror.
Rat-face, at the counter, was on his feet.
It was ecstasy.
What does the narrator see and what does he feel?
We'll work hard, Mr. Morgan.
This is not wholly a reasoning process.
It had never been stained with blood.
She was no schoolgirl, refusing to bear tales.
Winston stacked Miss Ada's thin pink dishes in the sink.
Many selections are themselves convincing contributions to this appraisal.
Though brief, it has a sharp dramatic edge and great poignancy.
The director's office.
There was no cash around
This group is secularist.
Some of them were warts until they got promoted.
Katie cannot mind your seeing them now.
Then there were the distinguished foreign volunteers.
These curves were derived from extensive skywave measurement data.
Susan and Julia ripped strips from their clothing and bound the injury.
It's only me.
Molten glare singed their eyelids an angry crimson.
Several factors contributed to this change.
The low clouds made bombing difficult.
I've come for Pat Conyers' body.
The existing Army posts were wholly inadequate.
The clerk was young and limp, with a tired smile.
There was no ring of animal corpses.
They were strays of every kind.
They went downstairs and loaded a tray lavishly.
Why should this be so?
This ought to simplify Tolley's life.
Women didn't use white face powder nowadays.
It would be a bad place to die.
The teacher was a pliant fool.
You're boiling milk, aren't you?
Perhaps she would be glad that they hadn't hurt him.
You don't need concentration.
It was a very tempting offer.
This set must consist of isolated points and closed intervals.
Why, I'm not fit to touch the hem of her garment.
Present estimates are that production topped the 100-million pound mark in 1960.
Shayne said, "I know it was, Tim."
It's too late now.
Scientists often turn out to be idiosyncratic, too.
The only exception to this is certain bees that have become parasites.
Mines are being increasingly oriented against submarine targets.
It's perhaps a mile from here where we sit.
Many of his poems purported to be exactly contemporary.
Where did you pick him up?
Investigations on the acceleration of human plasma cholinesterase were carried further.
Shirl Winter said, "I'll stay on the phone, Mr. Paxton."
Powder flame gushed beneath the wagon.
They just all cleared out.
Larry teaches plants to grow.
The heart weighed 500 grams.
We were slowing.
That is extravagant language, Mr. Wales.
It is very much a matter of building the foundations of community.
The President's personality would have opened that office to him.
It was not a new experience to Ekstrohm.
She had cried a little because she was frightened.
The hemorrhage was in the prostate region.
Where across the street?
These two steps essentially complete the lookup operation.
The area may include constant information supplied by the programmer.
Mr. Brown made important additions to the arts in screw machine design.
Will the hotel rent it so soon after the crime?
The man opened his mouth, but no words came.
This birth length seems to be typical.
You're not the kind to go violent.
Yesterday, today, tomorrow, no surrender.
The night was cold but the crowd kept one warm.
It would also probably mean different things within the same state.
Let me prove it, Phil.
The bullet went wide.
Shakespeare is closer to Sophocles than he is to Pope and Voltaire.
Just see it.
So we hurried over.
These publications replaced the US Naval Medical Bulletin.
It wasn't cold enough in the tunnel to preserve the body intact.
Supper would be ready within the hour.
Shivering, people talked and argued.
See Chapters thirty through thirty-seven.
Shall we support pupil assignment?
Manual leveling requires an appropriate display of the accelerometer outputs.
It was very widely read, too.
Mae, we're so busy.
If he had married her, he'd have been asking for trouble.
Lighted windows glowed jewel-bright through the downpour.
The blunter the knife, the higher is the value of F.
It was filled with dust and wind and sound and violence.
Measure and record.
Rob's not going to give up as easy as all that.
The answer came from the open door of the boxcar.
That gun was empty.
You're welcome.
There will of course be times for delay and inaction.
It was all true.
This was done with full knowledge that there would be no epidemic.
Just put yourself in Felix's place for a moment.
It gave her a lewd, winking effect.
To the ancestral lore, however, new materials were added.
It consists of two blocks with flat surfaces held apart by shims.
Serial serum potassium levels remained normal.
No one is to judge others.
It is a happy, buzzing crowd.
Rachel had little to say.
The angry burnt-red face of Ryan greeted him.
Shall we teach him some?
She sat down at the table, shaking her head.
To Stalin it was a matter of life and death.
One learns to become alert to changes in his vocal tone.
You thought I was a Mexican, didn't you, buddy?
Their clapping grew more fervent.
The tendency is toward putting dominant stress at the end.
They would reach him at almost exactly the same instant.
What had happened to the common man?
Man is first religious.
Now the hope was gone.
The English lady was pleased and enthusiastic.
Tolley had gone to live in California.
The purely cognitive or informational problems are often acute.
The things you talk me into, Mike.
You're a sweetheart, but leave one line open.
She looked around, self-consciously.
Rev, George and Lolotte were mending shoes.
There was no evidence that anything was different than it had been.
Never mind, thank you, he said.
This is the end of the line.
In Virginia court orders led to desegregation in Charlottesville and Floyd Counties.
Supplies of sheet metal were neatly stacked in bins.
The skiff was not heading for the nursery.
She said she didn't know a thing.
She looked around.
There were gigantic blisters and rope burns on our hands.
Then, I'm not talking.
If you hurry you might beat the boys.
I've done several filmed commercials for them.
Todman, you take the one on the left.
The study of literature contributes to this control in a curious way.
Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them.
There was nothing but wispy grass whipping in the keen breeze.
It's a stake-out, I suppose.
The forest took on an impersonal aspect.
So Sherman tried a compromise.
They were all completely shrouded.
It's a better life.
The officer demanded the names of the injured men.
Many years later I went to see S. K. in England.
Maude had suggested that Sarah return to New York.
There was no valley like this on your map.
We sure don't.
We first show that the function is single-valued in some neighborhood.
Tension existed.
Named after the ballet.
McBride couldn't do either, of course.
If the Stearns were not there, grace would be omitted.
The maid then told her, because he fired me.
It is presumed to occur in other members of the family.
The dromozoa fed him in their mysterious way.
Mr. Hohlbein and I have noticed some lapses since.
The population can thereby replenish itself and actually grow larger.
She stopped flying into rages and started digesting her food.
Within a year or two several thousand might be in service.
The doctor wanted him in a hospital.
She saw it then.
The only lasting difficulty was the food.
She'd be sure to remember any bride who was vague about background.
It was history that must be in error, not the historian.
The method would become self-defeating.
It was a straight, solid, once-in-a-lifetime shot.
Those who have quality will outgrow the experience.
Kodyke was to head the dread company police.
Mike remained in a trance.
That was Rob Roy, who posed with Mrs. Coolidge.
Marty wished these poor farm people would turn their backs.
Now and again he murmured something that ended in a giggle.
Mae entered the room from the hallway to the kitchen.
There is some clear-cut evidence of this.
No questions, statements, or explanations are permitted.
It took him nearly an hour.
The old ideal of the independent entrepreneur is extant.
We are thirsty and hungry.
So, I say, Mr. Speaker, God bless you.
Undoubtedly, there was a good deal of gambling in both.
Ramey caught a glimpse of the insurance man.
It will rise during lapse conditions.
There is nothing new in this.
Ships disappear hull-first over the horizon.
Sameness lined the streets with two-story houses the color of ash.
The girl still did not raise her eyes
The exception was an Iron Mountain settler named William Lewis.
What is new about it?
The topping configuration must be examined for its inferences.
Pretty quick, she replied.
We must use common sense in applying conditions.
It may allay our passions and so restore the rule of reason.
It had not questioned why.
In a week the hyacinths would spike out.
The pale blob of the woman disappeared.
Then he heard the outer door closing.
The unrelieved stranger eventually turned away.
There is no problem here.
Why didn't he want you to get hitched?
Mrs. Holden turned from the window draperies.
They moved Maggie's bed.
It was a startling, almost luminous sight.
It is Mars, isn't it?
It serves only its own stockholders and poorly at that.
Matsuo walked toward his tree, once glancing back.
There is not much to be said for Revulsion.
Of course it was not meant to be.
It brought men out of bed and sent them into hurried conferences.
She doesn't want you now.
You don't head back down again.
Lauren Landis rubbed her face against the blanket.
The soaking will put life back in the wagon, too.
Membership in the echelons fluctuates too.
The Aricaras made one last desperate charge.
Krim says, in short, that he is a suffering Jew.
Now I see.
Lauren Landis was in trouble and she was alone.
The monitors ran twenty-four hours each day.
The hedge reeked of coffee dregs thrown against it.
More splenetic was Senator Edward Carmack of Tennessee, a Parker man.
They found some clothes she had tossed in.
Thus, stealthily they advanced upstream.
What do we care?
She would be among the elite of her kind.
They bawled questions that were not answered in the uproar.
It a lump to my throat.
The door opened and three men and a woman walked in.
The fields were green and growing.
That's right.
The Minuteman is planned to be operational about mid-1963.
The following possibilities exist for achieving this.
May we come with you? called out a dozen young voices.
Then Killpath smiled.
Sadie, like Beth March, suffered ill health.
Who is it?
Not so soon, anyway.
Mae was his wife.
It was a gargantuan task.
That was Tom's weakness.
She was listening to other voices.
She was from Prague.
The corpse was on a table, covered by a sheet.
It was a lead pipe cinch.
Still, they may not want to rent it.
Slowly she turned to face the men again.
Others may speak of Speaker Rayburn's uniquely long and devoted service.
Thayer shook his head.
Your mother hated this way of life.
That was his true love, not Penny.
Let's put him down again the way he was.
The problem, in other words, is strictly a chronological one.
She sidled along the booths one step at a time.
Napoleon's was Julius Caesar.
It's a fascinating pursuit, I assure you.
This will include a stepped-up program of training and development of.
It was really quite simple.
The clerk paid them no attention.
Where is everybody?
She repeated Eurydice.
My father, a wise man, asked him not to.
The legation was generously set back from the building line.
This was chiefly because of the bluish white autofluorescence from the cells.
Something about the pollen.
The firm red spleen weighed 400 grams.
It was meant to insult him, and didn't quite succeed.
John was away at school most of the time.
Rachel faced me.
There may be others.
The appeal board furnished petitioner a copy of the recommendation.
Nor need the critic be captious.
Jones sighed as if relieved.
Mrs. Coolidge chose Mama in her place.
Often work of this sort is presented as calligraphy.
Remember, when the little hand is straight up, that's negative.
Poet was not fighting Nick now.
There's no chance now of all of us getting away.
Yet he must chance it.
There's a couple of call-backs I can work on.
Opposite the number eleven said one word, "Unoccupied."
Why do you need an arsenal? Nick asked.
The shelter shown would provide almost absolute fallout protection.
Look, old man, you can't go up.
You are being strangled by traffic.
See for yourself, Miss Zion.
This went faster than scheduled, as the Martians were helpful.
The station wagon and the old Plymouth headed east toward Jarrodsville.
To get him to pose, Mrs. Coolidge would feed him candy.
Rachel followed, looked at me, and clucked with her tongue.
Mr. Clifton would have preferred death and bankruptcy to having his son.
Pat only nodded.
It could all be straightened out later.
The patrol was stopping.
With each song he gave verbal footnotes.
This is a delightfully motley collection.
Mercifully, it was still open.
The pain seems short and the pleasure seems long.
She led me into a twisting side alley.
This is what necessitates the nonsystematic character of his astronomy.
It was dark.
The age of the moon was about 2 days.
This is an inherent part of adjusting fiscal calendars.
She had lost a bottle of opium.
Not really.
We got a bunch of sippers out there tonight.
These little problems help me to do so.
If you ever try anything without my orders, I'll kill you.
It's a sublease.
It was so.
She had helped him change his mind.
Skipping was the alternative.
The pictures of Figures 3 and 4 show the cracking and peeling.
The gross details of the structure appear reasonable.
Penny would not rise.
Shayne said happily, "I've got it all worked out, Tim."
Let us look at the operator.
Kitti would lie in it no more.
She slapped the receiver into its holder and stepped away.
Pat nodded.
Large warehouses flanked the street on which the hall fronted.
Marty's heart skipped a beat when he recognized it.
We shook hands on it.
Mercer spoke to her.
Teachers were men who wore brown suits and had gray hair.
Neither of these poems is an aberration.
Will that pay for a pint I can take with me?
You own this place? she said.
You took me by surprise.
Millions of human beings were exposed to his propaganda and record.
Other methods will be described below.
Mercer has also written both music and lyrics for several songs.
You know the facts.
Stay in close and we'll go up the valley.
Mrs. Wright is without funds.
The washing procedures are summarized in Table 2.
Scotty said the same words more loudly.
Radiation scatters somewhat like light.
Small rooms, probably for cards, opened off on either side.
Prevot had briefed the two new men that afternoon.
She too began to weep.
Therefore, in one way Kemble and Lappenberg have been vindicated.
Your sixteen year old son earned $700 in 1961.
The sound was inside the room.
There was the end of his front-page feature story, with byline.
Kalamazoo guitars are used by radio hillbilly singers.
Okay, Stormy, this isn't the place for fun and games.
They are the best.
None of these discoveries were neatly rounded off bits of knowledge.
We are going to be rushed and murdered.
Sometimes it is not a verbal stereotype.
You may not be responsible.
The years of Joseph's partnership with his father were numbered.
Okay, Stevens.
The two men in overalls stood just behind the blonde-headed man.
She was with Elizabeth.
It seemed clean now, but Alec decided against a bath.
This one is a tender chicken.
If you spot Carmer give a yell before you move in.
They always have a good orchestra.
Wherever possible they should live with their host country counterparts.
These were Oneida Indians.
She wouldn't be willfully planning his destruction.
It was the abrupt end of Blue Throat's dictatorship in Petrie.
Who's that?
They are both trend-following methods.
The other half he didn't like to recognize, even to himself.
The Lord has shown time and time again His love for us.
She showed us what had happened to her.
We like to run a nice quiet place.
In seconds, Greg made his decision.
The bullet flung Gray Eyes from his horse.
Light showed in the orderly room across the parade ground.
On May 9th, 1958, the Commissioner announced his rulings.
Mrs. Coolidge would knit, and the President would sit reading.
Well, maybe I'm exaggerating.
This was Madden's suggestion.
The marked distances are parallel to the respective yarns.
Where were they now?
It's a rich village but not much for action.
Nearby is the temple of Athena.
If any of us miss, they can pick up the pieces.
Lacking guidance, industry picks its own areas.
Our presidential campaigns provide much debate and argument.
The one thing they had in common was their hatred.
The sun's just right.
We'll have oysters.
This leaves the ordering of entries variable.
Lord laughed with secret amusement.
My goodness, you ought to remember if I do.
Most of our Sabras think it's horrible.
What can they do if they find them?
Should she wake him?
They reared tall and mocking.
On Blanche Jacobs, Kitti Gilborn's death had a quite different effect.
The deacon of the church, Carlson, was its janitor.
The prediction was correct.
Why not?
Mercer thought that she looked very distinguished and charming.
Oh yes, he'd talked about doing so.
You'll have to go to town to see the doc.
You sure climbed fast, Jed.
Make them show their hands.
The director came to the door.
Only the heavy bones of the oxen kept them anchored.
Was Mrs. Black was who he thought she was?
They were like wax.
Mr. Truman emphasized this point.
Mary Jane had made very little effort.
If he is good, he may not be legal.
That's what the man had said.
Speaking of breakfast, the President inaugurated a new custom.
Mr. Rosenberg suggested that they go out and find one.
The white Buick hadn't moved away yet.
It is awe-inspiring.
The whole system was again reviewed and reorganized in 1933.
This is an assumption with which few would be disposed to quarrel.
No element can accomplish the total objective of submarine defense.
You know what I did last night?
This is an enormous industry that is subject to sabotage.
Many small bones protruded crazily from the shreds of flesh.
This value may be reduced to 4 percent.
My people await you on the shore.
Tracking down Mrs. Calhoun was like trying to catch up with Paul.
Mercer wondered how long the super-condamine had lasted him.
Only infrequently did the situation color his thinking.
Last year?
Scotty did not mind the doctor's unsmiling teasing as he used to.
There is a long train flowing from the shoulders.
Petitioner was found guilty and sentenced to fifteen months' imprisonment.
She felt a lift in spirit.
Kodyke took the picture in a lean hand, studying it thoughtfully.
That touched off a total stampede.
Through a door conveniently unlocked, Madden supplemented.
She yanked away from him furiously.
Soon Mrs. B.'s fears threatened to burst into a full-blown panic.
The marine blinked, soon dropping his hand.
The drums of thunder were right behind him now.
It would seem that the wheel had turned full circle.
It sounded silly.
Rocco Vecchio was standing there.
The Command post was underground, and well camouflaged.
In this, philosophy and science share a common goal.
This added a personal zest to class discussions and participation.
Thus was invented the single thread sewing machine.
Perhaps you should get out a little.
Nevertheless, there is no bath.
Quite frequently class members brought questions from their mates at home.
Let us survey for a moment the development of modern thought.
It was the night Clayton had tricked them in the poker game.
Mr. Banks was always called Banks.
In seconds all four cars were out of sight.
What happened, man?
She might have been someone he had once loved.
Thank you, Keith.
It was most unlikely that she would be firm.
They passed ranches that were framed dark gray against the black hills.
Three minutes, Tim.
Tommy wouldn't know.
It was an alien land, and she hated it intensely.
Like Luis, I can't see something like this happening to me.
They surged around him, fingers pointing, eyes prying.
The girl looked around at the countryside.
It's silly and childish running after them like that.
Of course, that's not definite proof.
Then there had been another head beside his own.
Three requirements go with a blockade.
Someone evidently was on duty there.
Somewhere birds were sweetly calling.
The Sane Society is an ambitious work.
Nick wondered if Elaine had bought them, but he said nothing.
The next time it was two legs growing from his chest.
Shayne chuckled.
None of them reached our walls again.
We need it for the job.
There'd been a pretty bad incident back at the Marine base.
It was still a very big world.
The horse plodded on, and he repeated his call.
This, you will remember, was still New Year's Day.
Pity we don't know more about him.
What could I do with your lousy dead bodies?
It might have been several days.
Listening, I felt cheated and lonely as only an orphan can.
In fact, nobody saw us, cop or citizen.
May we have a word with you?
It makes a very poor red herring for an inside job.
With respect to this view, two points are worth making.
Plato and Aristotle agree on some vital literary issues.
Now, ain't it the truth?
You do remember.
Was it love?
That Jaguar could really barrel along.
They bring the news that the Pretender has been excommunicated.
Pauling looked doubtful.
Now they were empty, except for a cottage across the road.
You don't know me but I know you.
The phrase "consent of the governed" needs a hard look.
Were you on duty here two weeks ago?
No offense intended, he said gently.
She did not move in primitive circles.
The better quality products in both of these lines contain phosphate builders.
It's the truth.
Six climactic minutes in an individual's life left no memory.
The commands are specified by the military regulations.
Those who are insecure fear to be candid in self-examination.
They were, in a sense, tried out in realistic situations.
That was the day Red was said to have gone away.
Word of his arrival spread through the crowd like a brushfire.
It shouldn't be long.
One would need to test this proposition carefully.
Keith, you were wonderful.
They've got no official standing on this side of the Bay.
This man's isolation is not merely momentary, it is permanent.
There were four from St. John's and four from Christ's.
On the way out he detoured up a special hill.
The data are presented in lists and tables.
The Italians felt it.
Much of this lacked the active support of the pastor.
It is dull business, detecting, and hard on feet.
Now draw!
Mike liked having light up through the ripples.
Some preferred Judge Alton B. Parker of New York.
The wearying trek stretched into the afternoon.
Nor would he work at all.
The cooking odors were stronger.
Where would it all lead?
It'll take a lot to replace it.
It especially bothered the older hands.
Kiss me again.
It just won't be easy.
There were fantastic flowers without perfume, and gaudy birds without song.
It was merely an attempt to frighten her.
I've nothing for you.
You gonna give me a drink, fella?
Their world turned black.
She is a woman named Lisa who tells nobody anything about herself.
Let's make sure first.
There was nothing to indicate that Lauren Payne was primitive.
Maybe she will then come to you.
Sorry, Mr. Paxton.
That implies that he was on the enemy side.
It looks like we did.
This he placed within quick reach.
Wemmick reveals his self-satisfaction by regularly rubbing his hands together.
Suddenly it got very quiet.
Let us now give some thought to the soul.
That did it, if mine didn't.
The beer foamed furiously.
The Secretary was uneasy about the visit.
These student-directed organizations include eight to ten members each.
She hadn't seen him since.
The King Arthur was less expensive than the Dumont.
There was one particular word that troubled his conscience.
Will it live up to its reputation?
Seems like we're never going to see eye-to-eye, Lieutenant.
It's parked in front.
I've had enough of you.
Remember how she looked?
So did his friend, the young novelist Rimanelli.
She said you wore yourself out, cleaning all these empty rooms.
Very few committees ever looked past the first few photos.
It will take a little time.
Spencer said nothing.
It was Acey Squire's station wagon.
Mrs. Morris may be in some want before that time.
We're going.
Incidentally, there was an Atlas firing last night.
This formula is given by Mason.
There are lots of kids around here.
These can be referred to as operational intelligence and environmental intelligence.
In London Lewis took the usual suite in Bury Street.
There were no other names Madden recognized.
Wilson brushed the dust from his coat.
These attempts met with little success for a variety of reasons.
She apparently wasn't satisfied with his reaction.
The child addresses the shepherd in a dream.
The ambulance is drawn by two charming little horses.
Otherwise Mussorgsky reserves his vocal melodies for prolonged expressions of emotion.
There was nothing he could do but walk.
My diplomacy was needless.
Why hadn't he called?
The only reason we brought you was to get Miller out.
It wasn't the face of a killer.
Your cousin Finley saw to that.
That crap is softer over here.
No, Cromwell, I did not find your name.
It was a fair fight.
It was dark but dry and cool.
I'm with the Syndicated Press, Feature Service.
Transportation may be provided from nearby school districts.
Willings undoubtedly had.
The formation remained perfect.
Joan Sheldon had earned the larger bequest.
In this play there were so many characters and so much detail.
It will rip and shred easily for Madame.
Phil was like that.
Now Acey and his friends were returning to seek him out.
My quarry was in the apartment house for two hours.
The Old Man was unimportant.
Luck was with him.
My parents' welcoming arms would seem woeful, inadequate, unwanted.
Oh, yes.
Start the wash wheel and note the time.
This was the message found tacked to the cabin door.
The big man seldom gave out with such thoughts.
Little can be done about the changing of dates.
Its thick, substantial outline calmed me.
Killpath licked his lips.
Later accounts blamed defective wiring for starting the fire.
Patchen is repeatedly preoccupied with death.
It wouldn't matter to my father, and not to me.
The Government submitted its proposed decree on October 25th, 1957.
The great Ashikaga brush painters painted wallpapers, too.
You people don't have adjustable vision.
It is not good, Mr. Waddell.
The fire's too big.
In time she presents her aristocratic husband with a coal-black child.
It ended when he tumbled.
This one was not nearly as long.
The fat man winced.
Mike stripped these from him and donned them.
We want to study the probability function of this random variable.
What do you expect to get tonight, anyway?
Roll was being called.
It was nice to be able to isolate it.
It's all I think about, too.
You do the same.
Partly this difference is due to the nature of verbal communication.
Where had he failed?
The mayhem in the forest of Kromy is a natural sequel.
Matsuo hustled the rifle off his shoulder.
The intermediate sera were also similarly absorbed with tissue powder.
In your opinion, who is this Andrews guy?
It was a relief to get rid of the weight.
It was a merry if somewhat soggy Christmas for me that year.
Some had been there for years.
The problem needs further exploration.
Is there anything else you want to know?
This report contains preliminary notes and thirty-five tables.
The blue rug was suspiciously bright and new.
In less than five minutes Alec was asleep.
Its aim is to weaken Castro.
This is a distressing thing.
They came upon the deer at woodland pools.
So there we were talking around and about it.
She wondered whether Stanley would call.
Maybe the society editor would remember a good-looking out-of-town bride.
Only Blue Throat and his gang stayed where they were.
That was Bartoli's shop.
The Hearst dollar mark is all over them.
It would have been easy to identify as opium by its odor.
This is especially true for knitted fabrics.
On occasion it produces extraordinary novelties.
That's what they'll expect you to do.
Oil-field workers were a rough-tough lot.
Unfortunately, Hal waited.
The redcoats ran like rabbits.
They bore down on him.
The knifelike pain in his groin nearly brought him down again.
There might be a story in it.
Now, now, you're just guessing, Sergeant.
Rimanelli is tough and square-built and adventurous.
Then a wild thought ran circles through his clouded brain.
You had to be stupid or crazy or immortal.
The reporters had not yet discovered that this was his hideaway.
Then Massachusetts switched to its standard tactics.
It was four o'clock in the afternoon.
This time, they had been lucky.
The present study relates to the theory of functional systems.
Ptolemy denies that he could ever explain planetary motion.
Of course the matter caught the public's attention.
Then he spread out the last list on the counter.
There was nothing wrong with her job.
It's crazy.
The shock therapies act likewise on the hypothalamic balance.
Yet it wasn't so.
Japanese aircraft were strong on maneuverability, American on speed and firepower.
Leadership was experienced and skillful, and financial resources were significant.
They wouldn't go hungry, not yet.
It is but justice to Mr. Steele.
Like Pilate, they had washed their hands.
Two men were on duty inside, playing pinochle, relaxed.
Leave a card or something.
Mr. March, like Benjamin, was a clergyman.
Surely there is nothing new about communism.
They were both very fluent.
There was a wet spot.
Now he looked at her.
Lolotte looked up and stiffened.
Let us speculate a little on the maximum size of the anaconda.
That's about it.
Part 2 contains determinative tables for the identification of crystalline substances.
The man on the ground began to move.
Parker certainly had much more of an influence.
Lester's hand fluttered to Cabot's shoulder.
Oh, you can count on that.
Timothy Rourke groaned dismally as he slid under the wheel.
Some are also in Albania and others are on loan to Egypt.
Mae, sit down.
That's really all he's got, all he is.
It sounded like a man kicking a melon.
Moreover, his testimony at trial never developed any such facts.
Thomas Mann wrote The Holy Sinner in 1951.
The total cost of the five-year program was $200 million.
Inflammatory cells were strikingly absent.
It might have been several months.
Suddenly it was cold in the lobby.
You hold down the fort, Nogol.
Whatever satisfaction that might offer.
Jess wasted a few seconds trying to yank them loose.
One thing was certain, his method was effective.
Nurses' training here doesn't cost anything.
She didn't move or say anything.
The hazel eyes met Alexander's.
What would her mother be doing right now?
The police were no longer there.
Willings was, presumably, a better than average shot.
Make it as snappy as you can, will you?
More stands on the margins of modernity for this reason alone.
Rachel grinned slyly.
The man went over without sound, falling to the bare floor.
Just wait till she sees the mare's foal.
The pagodas we have passed are much larger than the houses.
Let's hope we come to a safer place.
Tie him up.
Suppose it is something right on the planet, native to it.
The typical appearance of these various mechanisms is illustrated in Figure 2.
The men seem to think so.
Plenty of people are poor all their lives.
It also implied that Paul had been irresponsible.
Seeing her caused a lurch in Ramey, a recognition.
Wood took the proposal to Chief of Staff Hugh L. Scott.
The appeal board unanimously concurred in the Department's recommendation.
It was not to be resumed.
Now she must be thinking of a boy-name, something special.
That is the lesson of the nineteenth century.
Miss Sarah, I can't cut up no chicken.
Let's take it outside.
Who are you?
Winston took the clothesbrush out of the closet and went to work.
People and books are enough for them.
Roosevelt considered him partly responsible for the murder of McKinley.
No doubt Mrs. Meeker had snubbed him many a time.
Most of them could be eliminated.
She kicked the locker lid shut and replaced the cushion.
The boy will be too much under his influence by then.
The man's eyelids fluttered.
It's drying myself out that does it.
Who measures?
The pains themselves had not changed.
Tell him I made a pass at you.
If I die, I die because I willed it so.
The space between them is filled with pit-run gravel or earth.
We're all God's creatures, aren't we?
You'll send the Rolls-Royce, of course?
This ejection momentum is linearly related to the particle energy.
The bad early poems are bad Shakespeare or bad Swinburne.
The contraction therefore partakes of the character of a phase transition.
Listen, he said.
There are many others.
She held my briefcase.
I'm with the Bar-H, pushing a horse called Sparky.
We accord it its place there.
No, thanks.
She stood sipping and chewing and watching.
Mama was vulnerable.
The pony herd was the one flaw in our defense.
She turned on her side, finding the idea oppressive.
Otherwise, the outlook could be dark indeed.
The US Office of Education continues to stress local surveys.
Then I'd better wait until five.
On its face this merely provides a federal forum.
Then she heard Julia phone me.
The gun followed her.
The New York Times editorialist wondered just who would stop Mr. Lewis.
You know, that's very interesting.
This is a mistake.
The clerk's glance followed Alec's.
These air or gas bubbles make highly functional thermal barriers.
She continues to add to the pollen supply as needed.
Mr. Robards laughed.
No discrepancies or shortages had ever been found.
Is there any harm in that?
TSEM tubes have been constructed showing high gain and resolution.
Thank you.
In fact, however, the problem is not so simple.
The first worker bees do not mate or lay eggs.
No, it's not that, I told her.
Maybe some other day.
Measured performance characteristics for this experimental tube will be listed.
That girl last night, what was her name?
One such man was Samuel Darling.
While S. K. did not like Dylan Thomas, I liked his poems.
Listen, mister.
The girl was not more than sixteen.
Rachel was polite, Scotty indifferent.
The next speaker was George T. Day.
She frowned at his green pajamas with the yellow moons.
It snowed continuously, but quietly, evenly.
They'll tell you what's cooking.
Let Mullins keep the firm seat.
You can't wander along in the dark, can you?
Who could blame her?
She's got more guts than any other woman in the world.
Otherwise, the silence was complete.
Tell me more about them.
The guard instinctively parried the blow with his rifle.
In the kitchen Glendora was despairingly picking chickens.
She wanted the police to notice him, suspect him.
You stay with the ladies.
They are determined to prove something.
It was nice then, so peaceful and quiet.
You're the only man the Night Riders will follow.
The little official hung his head in shame.
McBride staggered into the street, flopped sprawling in the stinging dust.
Let's make a list of your assets.
Such is the field for exercising our reverence.
Mr. Watson did not have much humor.
That was almost worse than the first time.
They filed out through the guard-room door, into the paved square.
Mickey backed off two steps, forcing him to come on again.
Jess caught his breath in surprise.
Pat paused there, looking across at the young fellow.
Yes indeed.
Nobody came until Chief Moore did.
There isn't anything left to say, is there, Keith?
One of them is that it gives meaning and purpose to life.
You've treated your stay here like a big joke.
These were the last words he ever uttered.
She was glad the fat man had left.
Stevens was nowhere in sight.
Imagine a stag dinner with Toodle Williams.
This method does not apply to electronic switches.
It had a bucolic atmosphere that it has lost.
The ponies were almost uncontrollable.
Mike swung the pistol in a savage backlash.
This would make anyone crafty and cruel, capable of fiendish revenge.
Miraculously, she found exactly the right statement.
Mrs. Gertrude Parker drew back.
It is after the late seventeenth century.
Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him
You and I have a little talking to do, Jess.
You know, this hits in many areas.
Mike silenced them.
One night, Mama came home practically in a state of shock.
Tommy had been assigned to the psychopathic ward.
Index words and electronic switches may be reserved in the following ways.
Shadow looked surprised, wailed, and trotted after her.
They close sometime after eight.
The inspector nodded, doubting this.
There was no dream of escape for these people.
We've got plenty of time to think about that.
Mr. McCay had on a sort of Emperor Maximilian beard and mustache.
Mike took the bayonet from Dean's hand and slashed the picket line.
The anonymous correspondent did not resort to innuendoes.
Thinking fast, Tillman never hesitated for one instant.
There were three.
This was the negative side of the situation.
Mary was as frozen below the navel as he.
Soon she saw Rod and Hez moving over to join them.
The Boss wants performance, not gripes.
It began with a preamble, of course.
You know it, and I'll tell everybody exactly how it happened.
What's she doing in this bunch?
Reaction is rooted in a perception of tradition as a whole.
Winston hurried through the swinging door.
We're going someplace.
Time to become afraid.
Look for them, will you?
It's a more natural position.
Rachel stayed on after the doctor had gone.
One swallow was all he would have
There was a host of dark horses.
The mortar was three parts sand to two of lime.
Important as was Mr. O'Donnell's essay, his thesis is so restricting.
The posse's retreat encouraged the Mexicans to be overbearing and impudent.
Swiftly, came the revulsion, the protest.
They'll be in range in a short while.
She smiled vaguely at Henrietta and spoke to the old man.
She was his goal.
The actual moments of contact are vitally important.
Our boy didn't chicken out.
This he did.
Then began the journey through their own mine fields.
Pimen is an old man, weak in body.
You could hear them from our outpost.
The sudden silence was too silent.
It became so monotonous as to seem a part of the quietness.
Resignedly, Macklin turned to the back door.
Waddell had looked the man over, trying to size him up.
The next developments will probably be in weaponry.
Mr. Herford touched the fat man's arm.
I've had enough.
We scour literature for them.
So would she mind speaking a little louder?
Of course, many more things are charted besides prices.
That's your setting, and a sinister one.
The two drivers moved closer.
The 1960 advertising campaign brought a total of 200 inquiries.
You could win a popularity contest at that school without any trouble.
The pilot plant was equipped with a 3 horse-power turbine aerator.
Is there anything wrong with the plumbing in eleven?
The work consists of four sections and five supplements.
They simply turned to God filled with gratitude and faith.
It was fifty-eight.
Miss Maude brought it.
Who?
Now they were riding to kill him.
The day's rain had been added to the stagnant water.
You're the one I was talking to about a monthly rental.
Rather the principle should be akin to that of the allowance.
No antigen was detectable in certain dark spherical areas in most cells.
One fame is precious and luminous.
The thin man waved the gun again.
It is through such reflection that literature approaches philosophy.
Owen was aware he was getting overexcited but he couldn't help himself.
No doubt about Tim being the killer.
Only one house on the street had no lawn before it.
She blew her nose on a tissue and opened the coke bottle.
Plane suggested another preparation of F which we used here.
Occupational choices are also useful and interesting.
Rourke hastily slopped whiskey into his glass on top of half-melted ice-cubes.
We took the matches.
Nearby Foggy Bottom is ousting Negroes.
Rachel's tone was dry.
This medication was continued until February 1958.
There was an idea.
Nobody could hear what was going on in this underground vault.
Patrolman Barton is an alert and conscientious law-enforcement officer.
These always contain metallic inclusions.
That was all he said, Lewis reports.
Is the world better for having this idea thrust upon it?
It was meant to be my present.
The long minute before he reached effective cover seemed endless.
There are several closely related inner functions.
She was bewildered.
It doesn't seem quite right, telling her a thing like that.
These expenditures are estimated to be $12 billion.
Then he turns back to you.
You might try looking into his wife too.
Of course not.
They were both painters.
She thinks she's in a ordinary garage.
The gallium content, however, has been enhanced five-fold.
Maybe twenty, thirty, fifty.
It doesn't hurt.
You think that Highlands swindled you and I helped him do it?
Now there is nothing wrong with complicated wallpaper.
There's six-hundred dollars in gold in this chamois sack.
Pat pushed through first.
The light at that time is a benediction.
Tessie could do nothing for Alfred.
Unspeakable tortures or even execution might well be their fate.
She was his reason.
Sighing, Leona dropped the paper and stood up.
What can we do?
John Clayton will see to that.
In an ideological argument, the participants tend to thump the table.
They discussed this possibility.
It also permits Fromm to do some dubious things with empirical findings.
It was going to be dangerous.
The accelerometers are mounted rigidly on the platform.
She told me.
She didn't have the heart.
No poetry, no airplanes, no dancers.
This time it connected solidly on the man's temple, felling him.
Today our surging strength is apparent to everyone.
The ramifications of the issue are enormous.
Not exactly.
They were west of the Sabine, but only God knew where.
Let us quote once more from R. G. Collingwood.
She was married to him for better or for worse.
It's not much of a meal, but it's what I eat.
Laura, what would you say if I smoked a pipe?
Then they returned to their hotel and got ready for bed.
The construction was reasonably solid.
Lewis himself furthered these tales.
Maybe I'll call you tonight about nine o'clock.
Such optimism was completely unjustified.
Religion integrates and unifies.
Too many outside manners, to my taste.
Oedipus and Lear attain similar insights by virtue of similar blindness.
The results are now being analyzed.
It might hurt you, though.
Then maybe next time he won't be so quick on the trigger.
They were, in effect his last testament to non-objective art.
The boy dropped his eyes.
The hotel people will have scoured and vacuumed it.
Must or should the Federal government help?
No one suggested that the ethical effects of the art were irrelevant.
The system requires some switching of flight equipment circuits.
The plan is admirably fulfilled for the period up to 1832.
She was responsible for the report.
You should complain.
The Congressman tried hard, but failed.
Then I shut off the device again.
You take it easy.
It seemed long, at least to Tom Brannon.
People never live forever.
Reenact everything Beauclerk did.
They were in a fight, outweighed in both numbers and money.
Still there was no Gonzales and the family would say nothing.
It was the sound of a siren.
You are still in France.
Under arms day and night, watch and watch about.
Many scouring powders now also contain phosphates.
It was Pete Holmes, the cabdriver.
Let's have a drink and discuss a merger.
The fences stretched on endlessly.
Sometimes it was dangerous for her.
This phenomenon has been experimentally investigated in detail.
Remember, man, remember.
Take it easy.
The tragic stage is a platform extending between heaven and hell.
If we left one we'd have to wipe it for fingerprints.
Moreover, even getting this across would be difficult.
Thayer folded it up and offered a drink.
Next morning the Caravan was out of the treacherous Bay.
The first superhighways were New York's Henry Hudson and Chicago's Lake Shore Drive.
Only uninterrupted sequences of the former are eligible for formation of crystallites.
Tone and intonation often become seriously intermeshed.
The magistrates were determined to compel them.
The women said they had seen him wave an exhausted farewell.
You are even uglier than Mr. Wright.
Shell people did not, strictly speaking, breathe.
You know where Tim is, don't you, Mrs. Williams?
No comments were made during the voting.
It was back there.
I've been looking for them.
Mama didn't know what to do.
The shot reverberated in diminishing whiplashes of sound.
It's unusual in a case like this.
I'm sure it'll be in the files.
The instrumentalities follow.
So far as he knew, only his father could be there.
Its temperature was denoted by F.
Just don't tell Ferguson that crazy opinion of yours.
It was a box.
You'd have starved to death if you'd missed both places.
The man made no reply.
Suppose Lauren comes looking for us?
The Trustees of the Foundation appointed Dr. Ray to that position.
You look like that picture I have at the office.
The ocean presently cooperates with the target.
There's nothing like buildin' from the bottom up.
The tapes show that.
Meanwhile, the city itself should be talked to.
There were times that he worked with both lyricists simultaneously.
We just sit quiet and wait, Prevot had said.
Why don't you just hire somebody else?
It was very stimulating.
Of course it was water he really craved.
We were greatly helped by there being no traces of former restoring.
Some of these temperatures are plotted in figure four.
There was an annual audit, Garth informed him.
It's one of the rules on transients.
Their first collaboration came close.
You did well enough.
These critters went real sudden.
So that had been his difficulty.
It was signed by everyone in the troupe.
Waddell came back from the door and sat on a bunk.
We've always been so close.
On February sixteenth, Steele took his seat in Parliament.
Sadie studied piano.
The church itself must be repaired.
What data there are on growth indicate considerable variation in rate.
You can't make me go.
That's a long time waiting.
The marine commenced to weep and it blighted the sense of enjoyment.
In conclusion, he wished me well.
Yes, Gavin, you did.
They came, separately, to Gloucester some twenty years ago.
Kathy was already in the wagon.
Time went on and everybody got older.
On the third floor one of the two windows was lighted.
She knew where to come.
The missile can gradually be expected to replace the torpedo.
It had gone like clockwork.
McBride reddened.
It's our only chance now.
Joyce had seen him like this once before.
The young writer seems intimidated by psychological knowledge.
Then he noticed that the dry wood of the wheels had swollen.
You are the only man aboard who can be in doubt.
Let him be ready to invent whatever falsehood.
Price competition is lacking.
Somewhere in the city a big clock sounded twelve solemn notes.
You haven't been listening to what I've been telling you.
The J statement may be used for this purpose.
There are three levels on which to treat the subject.
She smiled at him with benign, remote happiness.
The picture was taken.
The arc is itself a segment of an analytic curve.
Let this be denoted by F.
This passion brings on a fit which proves fatal.
The girl laughed.
She set down her suitcase.
In either case, they do not appreciate the private detective's zeal.
There is a bronze wreath on the wall.
The crystallographic data given include interaxial angles and unit cell dimensions.
The forest was open and freely welcoming, extending an enchanted hand.
When fame came it changed Sandburg only slightly.
The feeling subsided.
Neither spoke till they reached their horses.
It's very simple.
Somewhere, we'll hit a trail.
Two problems present themselves in considering any hormone in blood.
Watch out for Apaches when it comes daylight.
Willings would ambush, certainly.
She was looking out at the garden.
There was too much weight casually to toss it away.
Mama knew this doll was meant to help Mrs. Coolidge overcome her grief.
To believe otherwise would be unrealistic.
Pauling looked at his notes.
When the work was finished, we would walk.
The man had thrown the left hand over his eyes.
What then, are the factors that contribute to these phenomena?
She was born of immigrants from Luxemburg.
So we ran away.
The integrals are listed below.
One pass only.
The feathered lance was still above his head.
Perhaps it was right; perhaps it was just.
It's early in the evening to be in a hurry.
Part one below describes this abstract model by spelling out its assumptions.
Where?
Some will go around a corner.
Seeing these did nothing for Tommy's mood.
It would take the chill from the shelter in the beginning.
You and me both, dear.
Winston apologized and quickly set the hat right.
Mr. Skyros didn't like Angie.
The project is currently supported by Harvard University.
She seemed to speak to herself.
Our understanding will very probably require both these commentaries.
Why can't I, Doctor?
Of course you can.
Then he smiled shyly.
Sure.
The wheels dug in.
No holds are barred.
We decided to leave the third one intact for tomorrow.
This is a paradise for hunters.
Submarines and shore installations are new elements.
Roberta was violently trembling.
Miss Julia was a hard woman with a dollar.
Singing as applicable to herself required research.
No other cause of death was apparent.
This objective is adhered to throughout the duration of the action.
Our aim must be to learn as much as we teach.
It wouldn't seem fair, somehow.
The beaming J was carrying a thirty-caliber machine gun.
Let's try to go under this stuff.
It was to be nothing more than that.
Toward the west this depression led toward a draw.
Now forget all this other.
The range is from fourteen to twenty-five inches.
Tell them the truth or something before they come here.
Outside his window bloomed a beautiful summer day.
There's a different hall-mark on them.
What is the gunk?
J is defined by the geometry of the knife.
Why hadn't he noticed it before?
The government was most anxious that there be a respectable response.
Oh.
You figure it out.
W. E. Ford, for example, continued to supply data.
It would be superfluous to build a critique around them.
Mr. Nehru is subjected to stern lectures on neutralism.
You do that.
The heat drove the guerrillas back.
Let me give Papa blood.
Pete frowned slightly, then became sad and moody.
The stethoscope glinted silver in the darkening room.
Powers was covering the remaining guard.
Little Rock is a vile, detestable place.
You tell him.
You're not to mention my name.
The gallbladder contained about forty cc's of green-brown bile.
The method of calibration employs a fixed resistance element.
Then we shall see.
Oh, dear, I'm all unstrung.
The third time rather urgently.
That isn't a boulevard.
Maybe I should withdraw my advice.
The trachea was clear of mucus and foreign objects.
The area was deserted.
She might be firm.
Shayne said briskly, "Grab another drink if you want it."
Other Indians were running at the ponies, shrilling and waving blankets.
Yeah, but what're we gonna eat?
They made the tests and came to Fred.
It was mother who planted the verbenas.
Thyroid function tests yielded normal results.
Some elements support the others, but all have limitations.
Roberts sagged and slashed at him wildly.
Nevertheless, she continued to move upward.
The undersecretary's in there.
When the temperature reached 32-degrees Fahrenheit all protozoan activity ceased.
Kitti had come along to justify everything.
The author of the anonymous notes seemed to be all-knowing.
On the bare floorboards a man lay face down.
We're going to Marshal Woods's house.
Phil rubbed his forehead wearily.
In that way, there's no trouble for the customer.
Now what?
They shift the hypothalamic balance to the sympathetic side.
The quest offers careers.
The attendant waved me on.
Suppose this guy was really what he said.
Thirty-five they rode at a measured pace through the valley.
The list was headed by Henry Hutton of St. John's.
It was just that little accidents played into her hands.
She wore grey every day, and white every evening.
There is nothing remarkable about this at all.
In short, he is constantly concerned with the ethical effects.
They didn't seem to be able to think of any.
You've got no business up here.
This essay seeks to make that exploration.
Whatever the military world thought, the political world approved it.
The materials for a double-wall shelter would cost about $700.
Students' choices of ideal educational goals are not arbitrary.
With names and addresses listed, verification came next.
The fisherman was right in the middle of the Deep.
It would allow presentation to the public of a unified approach.
Such systems are expensive and are oriented geographically.
See Chapter 38.
It had gone without a hitch.
Jess turned.
It hadn't amounted to anything.
It was my fault.
We didn't want town work.
Place the template on the fabric.
You need her even more than you need him.
On the surface, the whole question was purely feudal.
Then it would be a choice between starvation and suicide.
The guttural language from the ghetto stopped.
The recent ruling is rather confusing.
This was also a corpse, a male.
What's he doing there?
This is redneck country.
Vince cursed steadily.
Some retailing, of course, always spreads with the population.
The jokes and arguments grow louder until the police return.
The sitter remained seated hugging the tree.
Mostly, she stayed in bed.
In the jungle, birds were mute?
Wilson didn't say anything.
We don't want to know whether he's dead, yet.
Wait a little while.
Yet one has to go back only some sixty years.
The Old Ones neither helped nor hindered this plan.
They had come not to admire, but to observe.
Not yet.
Mr. Smith, like the present Secretary General, is a lawyer.
We mentioned odd-lot indices a few paragraphs ago.
These performances were being staged at historical monuments throughout Europe.
The only thing unusual about the Old Man had long since happened.
There were many minute hemorrhages in the lungs.
Other countries which may willingly or unwillingly become Communist can furnish bases.
What about them?
The talk of a Hearst barrel was increasing.
Somebody in this town must still have some backbone.
Official congratulations showered upon Sherman and his army.
The place had been cheap.
The roof of the command post began to buckle.
The action is consistently presented with regard for this distinction.
Their jams and jellies had not suffered.
More people were passing by.
The lady's eyes, unmagnified, bugged out.
You get business where the business is, not where it isn't.
More believed that a man could be both serious and gay.
Now will you get him?
They'll have fun explaining that to the Miami cops.
Roy was deeply distressed.
She hoped they were well.
So of course he stayed put.
What is your name?
Why she married him I do not know.
Now he saw them.
You are hurt!
The rancher was trembling.
They made sense and yet they didn't.
Rachel said, "He asks for money."
The host is the flowing life of the human race.
The names on the mailboxes meant nothing to him.
Nothing was said, nothing accomplished.
It must have got there when you fell against me.
It was part of Little Jack's work to look after the dogs.
The doctor gravely nodded approval.
The fear of punishment just didn't bother him.
This is nevertheless a minority view.
The market today for detergent builders is quite diverse.
They smiled.
Relativism and equality are its characteristic diseases.
The vision became even stronger now.
Square each State's allotment percentage.
Ryan told him what he could do then.
Only rarely is attention given to accurate progress reports.
It hung in all her day clothes, sweet and strong.
The same goes for the rough cement of the ledge.
Several were firing into the barn when Billy Tillman arrived.
Rourke confirmed the appointment over the phone and hung up.
The particular recipe is a matter of individual taste.
Then he backed out and swung around to the front drive.
The landlord had died.
That's not taking one's command with a responsible attitude, Matson.
Papa was still elated over his afternoon visit downtown.
Roleplaying was offered as a solution.
Will you obstruct this, or will you help?
No change is required for these towns.
Very well.
You have probably experienced this.
Perhaps Doaty had guessed already and kept her counsel.
Later, you shall know it better.
The classic case is Railroad Commission versus Pullman.
While with the Whiteman band Mercer met Jerry Arlen.
It is not merely a new thing.
The kick came, sudden and vicious but short.
When he was going to town, nothing was good enough.
Seven years they'd been married.
The rest continues in a straight line.
It's not more than a block or so.
Penny knew him better, on her part.
The last two were a red and a black chow.
The guerrillas realized they faced a new problem.
Yet, he was here.
Jack, look in the wastebasket.
It was a relief when they finally came.
It's easy to see why.
Thou art God.
It was foolish of him to keep them, whatever they were.
If I ever hear you say Mist Laban again, I'll scream.
The living as well as the dead now accuse him.
Less ambitious freeway plans may be more successful.
This is, however, symptomatic of our national malaise.
Jubal did not hear of Digby's disappearance.
There was a slight bulge under the left armpit.
Stigmata quite sufficient for diagnosis are nevertheless there.
She looked at me provocatively.
Was it because she had shown panic?
They were tethered, army style, on stable lines.
They grounded him.
Keith told Penny about his dream to return to India and Burma.
Tell me what to get her for Christmas.
What has this to do with the present?
She walked restlessly across the room, then back to the windows.
We want him back there or we want him dead.
Mr. Heiser, does this sound like a truly workable plan to you?
The lad's once superb body was a mass of scars and welts.
Second moments of the spectra were computed by numerical integration.
I've got to run an errand on the way.
Loomis considers ranking a product of the evaluation process.
Leisurely he climbed on to the wagon next to Neal Brown.
Rangoni begins by describing the sad state of the Church.
We'll talk over at your office.
It would to me.
Let F be the null space of F.
Now I'll give you a hand.
The kinetic effects are negligible.
Sweat bubbled out on Jess's swarthy face.
This operation was started at 5 p.m. and lasted for twenty-nine minutes.
It had assumed the terrifying inertia of inanimate matter.
Rev had known all along.
Nick sensed it.
You're pretty hard on him.
This space group requires the hydrogen bond to be symmetric.
The taking of these steps involves tough internal policy decisions.
The elementary-school child grows gradually in his ability to work in groups.
Rank was becoming an explosive issue in all three of Sherman's armies.
The opposing aircraft continued to come on.
Some of them came from people who identified themselves.
This experimental class represented quite a variety of students.
The latter matter is considered in detail in a later section.
Jess cursed again, and entered the barn.
Such delicate beauty!
In brief, the human replaces amplifier F in Figure 7.
We may take her with us.
Lilian was an exceptional student.
What is the next step, Captain?
She had reason to change the one she made right.
Why is that?
What did you think about his mental state?
Was she on friendly terms with other members of her family?
The public may still find pleasure in public places.
Widely divergent experiments have been carried out.
There was no process of trial and error.
Then will you give me a visa to re-enter France.
She wanted him to get into trouble.
She was just too young.
In this instance such personal virtues were a luxury.
Moreover, they have done so in rather special circumstances.
The last roof boards are covered with blocks from outside the shelter.
These discoveries are of interest chiefly to the scientific community.
Why should I?
In each instance the plaintiff was a private citizen.
Not all men of the period would have accepted this emphasis.
Then maybe it was the shock wave we set up.
Take my word, can't you?
We'll get it in a hurry and get it out.
You killed him, didn't you?
The air smelled warmish and foul.
Well, let's see.
Morgan laughed.
These were the ones Keith sought out.
There hadn't been anything really personal in her interest in me.
Jackson was doing most of the talking.
These areas are thought to represent the nuclei.
The existence of a community is a state of mind.
They never called him by name, although he had one.
The half-breed eased the Winchester down and rested it across his lap.
They, too, stared at him.
Then again he might not.
Mr. Jaggers habitually bites his forefinger.
Joyce squirmed a little on the divan.
The result was fortunate.
The attempt failed: the animal is now dead.
The telephone rang.
Preparations are being made for similar experiments.
The crew would be automatically brought out of their suspended animation.
Was it possible?
If otherwise, you will give me a pleasure.
Maybe I would beat old Herry to Siberia after all.
It changes with every generation.
There's nothing to talk about.
Social process is always anchored in past predisposition.
The bed still showed signs of where Kitti had lain.
There was no moon.
Start in.
None of us want any trouble.
Suppose you take Mr. Hearst's morning American.
The language and notation introduced are standard throughout the chapter.
She lost her beau to you.
The Aricaras treated us like friends.
These totaled 6,000 pieces of correspondence.
These were the same subjects who were given the Rorschach test.
They are far apart musically and poetically in their experiments.
Take your cobbler's shop somewhere else.
Part three discusses the empirical relevance of the conclusions.
Once he learned a lesson, he never forgot it.
Thomas's principal influence lay in the communication of an attitude.
Mr. Morgan, it's the best-looking food I ever saw.
Where else would he get it?
What limited knowledge he possessed, he forced upon me.
Madden's dark face wore a meditative look.
Matsuo laughed and slung the rifle.
The animals thundered away into the moonlight, heading for the ridges.
Is this then the frontier? I asked him.
The platform accelerometers must be slightly modified for this procedure.
We all know what the dummies will do.
It was too late to worry about that.
There was nothing he could do except jump into the ditch.
Prairie dogs were popping up and popping down.
The conduct in question was a speech.
Like Napoleon, he was the worst of losers.
Only once were stalked ciliates found in the mixed liquor.
They were headed straight for each other on a collision course.
We bring back all dead and wounded.
Text reading continues with the next occurrence.
To his surprise his plan worked perfectly.
They just cleared out.
The second argument applies the method in the reverse way.
The idea of the proof is this.
Their product had been endorsed by Good Housekeeping.
Only the assignment of the information cells is important.
One person she helped was my brother.
Pennsylvania closes its fiscal year on May 31st.
That was not reasonable either.
That was going to be fun.
The state had elected Republican candidates in the past two years.
Is it not well-made?
Seven battle flags and fourteen officers' swords were sent to Thomas' headquarters.
Now what is perfect motion?
They were all three bent over a shabby riding boot.
The entrance must have at least one right-angle turn.
Never well known, but he had done his work competently.
The dictionary form is compared with each of these text forms.
Robbie was a war veteran with battle-shattered knees.
Mike made a dash to the rear of the frame buildings.
J. T. Shotwell was appalled by such spurious history.
Then we're lucky we got here.
The Jew was the safest victim.
They had slapped their thighs.
She picked up the baby and nuzzled her fat warm little neck.
Then he heard them.
The Ford and the pickup truck sped west toward Sanford's Run.
It told him little more than Mrs. Calhoun had remembered.
Other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens.
Now on the subjectivist view, this answer is ruled out.
No other visitor inquired for her that evening.
That doctor annoys me.
We suppose not.
With Maria and me, there's never any problem.
Therefore, third-grade children were chosen as subjects for this study.
There weren't facilities to take care of them.
Our deficit in balance of payments approached four billion dollars.
She was wearing nothing beneath the coat.
This exchange must result in our ending up with some effective units.
We did that.
That's my spare bedroom.
It's just possible she might know something about Mrs. Gilborn.
The old man gave the room a stare.
We know Penny spent some.
Unfortunately, this assumption does not always hold good.
It's plenty warm.
That's why I think of plays.
Support came from academic and industrial groups in these two countries.
She wished to change much for the children here.
The image of God has simply disappeared.
They looked up in surprise as Powers came in.
The data are presented in text and tables in bound volumes.
Poet whistled softly as he looked at the gun.
Pete nodded understandingly.
We would see it that way, but it was glorious then.
See Chapter one.
The marine was still.
She had arrived this morning and come straight to the English Gardens.
This was a slightly different matter.
She couldn't have been gone long.
This was the worst thing I could have said.
Last, not least, there are some poems.
You go.
One such instance has already been presented: his use of alienation.
The horseman required eleven times more than the footman.
You mean you're all alone, Mr. Richards?
Jack watched Miss Langford all morning.
The music died away discordantly.
The painting stood up superbly.
The second edition should have greater uniformity.
The marine yelled and flung the hand away.
Kate's all right.
Outside it was already hot at seven thirty a.m.
The world is constantly changing; what was new yesterday is obsolescent today.
The marine was sprawled some thirty yards away, one arm extended.
Maude could have shot Emile.
Scores are stated in grade-equivalents on a national norm.
See also Interest On Unpaid Taxes, below.
Serious difficulty arose with the advent of Substantive Due Process.
The chaplain married them, on the next day.
There was no trouble.
Was this what he had expected?
Young Mrs. Arthur had opened the oven.
It was as if it were built of books.
Unquestionably, Blanche loved Stanley.
Yeah.
She was standing in a thick grove.
When your mother was here he must have been a young boy.
Which came first?
The rest of you wait here.
They actually bristled.
Keith was an eagle.
Land-based radar would help with this task.
Phil shrugged and ignored him.
Penny and Keith had no romance.
There were eight aircraft in this small box.
It didn't have to be perfect.
The blaze was spreading to the frame buildings.
The notion of inspiration is somehow cognate to this feeling.
The electron optical system may be either a magnetic or electrostatic one.
When he left, she knew she would never see him again.
One was an article on the UN by Alice Widener.
The St. Basil's scene opens with little groups of beggars milling around.
This is the course the positivists took.
Such cases are not considered here.
We'll all be up on top by sundown.
Is his appetite improved?
What is the scaffolding for, Brassnose?
Where I go, she goes, and the kids with us.
It makes the diver feel drunk.
There was one further step in my religious progress.
What did you want me to do, kiss him?
Try to forget motive for the moment.
Was it Dutch Brenner?
Well, why don't you say something?
What about you?
They are on their way here.
Naturally, he couldn't let his shipmates know this.
There should be no draft exemption because of Peace Corps service.
The Lady Da and the hand-covered woman stayed near him.
Otherwise, she would be baited into a tantrum.
It tastes a little like poppyseed.
Run the machine continuously until completion of the test.
With Red Hogan, he rode to the Welcome Cafe.
It is not just a collection of facts and techniques.
The statement of the system is a different matter.
In some units, National Forest ownership is well blocked together.
She got rheumatic fever.
Whatever the Hetman's ambitions, his colleagues were kept ill at ease.
Yet his editors did not abandon their sense of story value.
It was one thing to call men to the colors.
It winked as steadily as a metronome.
You might need it.
They're drinking, aren't they?
We all know what is going to happen.
She thought she was going to die.
She was thirty-one years old then.
There was a great sense of camaraderie.
The item said Mr. and Mrs. Black had moved to Jackson.
The street was unpaved and rose steeply toward the center.
They refuse to mention or to notice that they are not there.
The management brought around champagne.
This selection-rejection process takes place as the file is read.
The trouble was that he had virtually had to protest.
Muller's would have to be.
We first discuss the F bond in F.
On Sunday they refused to attend church.
If disobeyed, the result is turmoil and chaos.
The result can only be confusion in the public mind.
She wiped it off with the sleeve of her coat.
They dislike dense vegetation.
The expense and time involved are astronomical.
Mrs. Roebuck thought Johnson was a sweet boy.
Rachel said, "I'd better get him to bed."
Why lacerate the congregation?
The would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close.
Meltzer knew why I had come for him.
Proposals were in the air for a year's armistice.
We couldn't budge them.
You are looking tired and there you can rest.
Maude's long nose unexpectedly wrinkled up.
This office cooperates with the US Department of Commerce.
Owen was surprised to see Mrs. Gertrude Parker playing the one-arm bandits.
Leaving Jess's where it lay, he left the stall.
The burning air dried his sweat-soaked clothes in salt-edged patches.
This greatly simplifies the town's bookkeeping and financial reporting.
There were several people on the porch of the farmhouse.
The tape was run for over one hour.
She sighed a dirty word and left.
The second need is better field techniques.
It was like hitting a sack of salt.
There are many such competently anonymous performances among the earlier poems.
She paused.
Roy smiled.
On Christmas night, they had had a disagreement about it.
We had to do something.
Something hard grazed his knuckles.
This prospect did not please Mrs. King.
This eliminated toll calls between the two towns.
The Interior man looked uneasily at his French compatriot.
Then a startling thing occurred.
The future could be worse.
There are no court decisions here.
The second bottle passed a few times.
We usually run a social note when somebody moves away.
Occasionally he fell into a waking, gritty-eyed stupor.
Roberts was a wastrel.
Worry had a great deal to do with it.
The murderer lifted his head.
To some extent predispositions are shaped by exposure to group environments.
Mr. Herford's appearance was that of a frustrated gnome.
Rev looked up and saw her.
These are arranged according to crystal system.
I've got to have help.
The numerical aperture should be in general close to unity.
The game is not worth the ammunition it would cost.
No, he didn't have his gun, which he should have.
We can imagine how they startled audiences of the 1870s.
This guy was strictly from Outsville.
They were sailing round the Cape of Good Hope.
One wing stood open.
We were in a field, in a tight, screeching turn.
The woman covered with growing hands came and sat beside them.
Sherlock Holmes is not merely an individualist.
So the results are subject to considerable confusion.
One problem is a matter of shifting dates.
It didn't take us as long as we'd thought it might.
What will be the final symmetry of the good society?
They were silent for a little while, each looking glum.
There are three indexes.
It was best to die fighting the marines.
The clouds bulged downward and burst suddenly into a great black funnel.
Laban had more to say.
It is difficult to measure the direction and magnitude of J directly.
They kissed, and went on kissing.
Your feet are in bad shape, Mrs. Jones.
Simply call Mr. Oscar and Dr. Dunne.
The equipment was solid and heavy and in good condition.
We've got all the time in the world.
They run their show their way.
The slave is owner.
I've been careful about fingerprints.
Obviously I'm stuck on the line between the two countries.
Maude went on.
You actually hate me, and we both know it.
Reverend Cotton preached to them about Demetrius.
You know what I'm talking about.
You find them all.
The land wasn't all Wilson had expected of it.
The lungs weighed 900 grams.
It is not easy to become Segovia's pupil.
We've got one other call to make before I meet Alvarez.
It took considerably longer to make preparations for giving transfusions.
Only that curious, animal grunting Alec had heard during their fight.
No wonder Melissa responded so completely to its beckoning.
Was she in the habit of making new wills?
They continued to give an arm-elevation.
Tell me about the murder.
Your present history is admirable for its industrial and scientific achievements.
That was thrifty of her to use it up.
Moreover, the law of the land is not irrevocable.
The universe is a safe and permanent home.
No more could he defend himself against them.
Mr. Hohlbein was left twenty thousand.
The major reason for this is that it has no quick-kill effect.
The officers were John Marsden and John C. Blackmer.
This constitutes about 17 percent of the long-range requirements.
The wheel of social life spun around the royal or aristocratic centre.
To a Blackwell, there was only one church.
Somewhere over there another patrol had need of light.
Mama was now the first maid to Mrs. Coolidge.
The first two or three days they went home early.
Then he went back for Roberts.
You are forgetting your place.
It was too unprecedented.
Was she pretty?
Their United States tax returns are due April 16th.
The engineer turned works manager had a particular view of life.
Though contemptuous, they were still polite.
She tore open the back door.
This one was going to be different.
The truck was hurtling forward.
Their wires stretched out into infinity.
Nobody witnessed the fall.
If they are right, they will prevail of and by themselves.
The sergeant is just leaving.
The gradient was about one half of a millidegree.
Then, after a while, she went to her mirror.
My father ran him off here six years ago.
Probably his horse would be close to where he was hiding.
It reached the mines at North San Juan and Bloomfield.
The great detective modestly agrees.
There were other farmhouses nearby.
Work on the roof continues in this way.
The sky glowered down at them.
That third year he wrote plays with a fury.
Steele in this paper is indicating his sympathy for such a plan.
Very little protozoa activity existed below 40-degrees Fahrenheit.
Soak as long as you want, Joyce.
The first speaker was Amos C. Barstow.
Well, let's take a ground-level look at the country around here.
The Maguire family was setting up a separate camp nearby.
Meanwhile I myself was not yet saved.
It provides a frame for the sampling census.
Similarly the optimism of age protests too much.
There were other roofs, less convenient but not impossible.
The composite samples were normally collected over a 6-hour period.
There was no one but me.
We have better rooms vacant now, he babbled.
Poet rubbed his arm.
Is she Gilborn's secretary?
You want to sit down?
Magwitch's hand here ironically becomes the agent of justice.
The value derived was 16 microseconds.
The enemy did not veer.
We're about five miles north of the line.
She cackled with mirth, showing the stumps of betel-stained teeth.
If obeyed, the law brings order and satisfaction.
There would, however, be a variety of other skills.
This was working by the end of August and giving satisfactory service.
It's like focusing a camera.
Proprietorships can establish a unity and integrity of control.
Identification of Carl Sandburg and the guitar is no happenstance.
Then Sol Phillips purchased the Alliance Furniture Mart seventeen years ago.
We were troubled about the fate of the Baltic States.
The quest for forecasting formulae is ceaseless.
The anode material was porous graphite.
The land of Shayol did not change.
You identify yourself and ask him what's going on.
The courthouse was a white-stucco building minus the customary dome.
Where will you break?
The same patterned consistency shows itself in occupational choices.
Rod gave her a warm pat on the shoulder before he replied.
The examples were plain.
She was very worried.
The Indian's arm whipped sidewise.
She doesn't know anything about those cars.
Suspicion wasn't new to him at all.
To use these new ways in daily life is the last step.
You'd better sleep.
Oh, do forgive me.
This condition can be satisfied.
It made him a little sick.
They were both violent men.
Peacocks strutted across their path, preening.
Maybe it's sheer xenophobia.
Where do I start?
This sporadic type of planetary radiation is discussed by Burke.
What they got, you get.
She couldn't see any reason why Maude would attempt to frighten her.
She was terribly pleased.
It'll take time.
This one was actually more of a near miss.
It wasn't what Mae would want him to do, though.
The latter adhesive was found to be much more satisfactory.
Now I do not think their view will do.
They were assigned to a script titled Hot Nocturne.
Within the larger social system are the structural and functional subsystems.
Mr. Wycoff's car is waiting for you at the east entrance.
People talk about the law of the land.
My dad did it, and he lived to a great age.
They include harmonies and conflicts.
Where does one find such conditions?
Rifle fire often kept the opposing gunners from manning their pieces.
Yet we continue to be afflicted by nagging disorders.
So that proves it.
Sometimes I was aware of people moving about in the darkness.
The children grudgingly stopped playing then and straggled into the schoolhouse.
That always relaxes me.
You live in the present?
There will be romance and flirtation.
The codes were key-punched into punch cards and verified.
Mike felt disappointed that Mahmoud had left.
Of this I am proud.
The implicit assumption of this response is that history is reversible.
None of the crowd had stepped forward to help.
There was to be no gunplay.
The soil is common to all men.
The rancher grunted an acknowledgement but didn't move.
The general effect is tragic.
They were not yet prepared to accept it as irremediable.
J is the rake angle of the knife.
They went to the pawnshop of Joseph Miller.
They were coming on at reckless speed for such old vehicles.
S. K. was visiting C. C. B.
We'll make out.
The guerrilla bivouac remained silent.
We'll let him go.
It's all I ask, Stevens.
They had a son who was killed in the war.
The grateful way she looked at Morgan made him ashamed of himself.
The young apprentice apparently did well by Mr. Brown.
The Aricaras broke under the devastating fire, then wheeled and retreated.
She felt like a fool, too.
Which are you?
She wouldn't be taking a cold shower.
When he paused to moisten his throat, the stranger broke in.
Well, congratulations.
If you hadn't I'd have killed you.
The freight car was cold, early in the morning.
In early June ten million young men registered by name and number.
To his faint surprise Russ held up his hand.
The body may have been two or three weeks' dead.
They are about to do so at any moment.
In the plastic arts, a very similar situation exists.
We walked down the cool hall silently.
That's a good trunk.
It is a sound investment.
Maybe it would work the other way.
They are enacted at the heart of the body politic.
Shayne found one marked Perrin J.
The sergeant turned to the door.
Nobody in his right mind punishes a quarter-century-old dereliction.
It had better be good.
Lauren said, "Please?"
The musician is non-intellectual and non-verbal.
Meanwhile, fishermen took advantage of them to pull up whoppers.
I've got a lot of blood.
Thus a number of operations of the order of F are required.
You're wrong, Matt.
Watson showed this wire to Colonel Van Hamm.
You can't see them yet, Jack.
The next day he was gone.
Pumblechook's signature is the perpetually extended glad hand.
The young people were self-energizing, and I was energized.
Mrs. Lalaurie impatiently propelled the slave toward her waiting carriage.
Such was not the case in Rhode Island.
The method of destroying the evidence embarrassed him.
The bleeding girl was tiring fast.
This gentleman is a police officer.
Strong hands move first; weak hands ask, what is going on?
If nothing is produced, there is no obligation to repay.
References to the data sources are given in the crystal descriptions.
Morgan watched the two figures for a time, puzzled.
Who's your witness?
Mr. Burlingham wrote to me once.
We would establish no censorship.
She loved the children.
It was the use of the supernatural that kept them in business.
The men all moved at the same instant.
You're staying right here for a while.
This also holds true if restorative forces are applied.
They are military organizations.
Macklin balked again, not wanting to unlock and open the door.
Miss Celie's taken to her bed, with the door locked.
In town no one paid much attention to an occasional shot.
That's your headache.
Let us differentiate a few of these ideas.
The usual congratulatory crowd was conspicuously absent.
You don't want to lease a place way out in the sticks.
There was no hint of a violent struggle now.
We've been starving and I don't like to starve.
This is full evidence of your support for my principles.
Mike ran down the line, slashing picket ropes with the bayonet.
Maybe you'd better tell the guy who hired you what I said.
Mr. Justice Clark delivered the opinion of the Court.
It's just like that book your Northern friend wrote.
Stanley really was quite predictable.
The tall coachman walked off briskly in search of Alexander Prieur.
Mrs. Tim Williams was about twenty-one.
The thin man said, "That-a-way."
Reverend Jason was understandably bitter.
These experiments can be considered exploratory only.
Then there was another sound.
Suvorov's contempt for don't-know's was proverbial.
She stayed here to work for Aliah.
Vince swore.
You spent $800 for his support.
Spraying continued along a two-mile course.
They had turned numb and prickly in the classroom.
You ran away on a black night with a lawful wedded man.
It was probably one of Kipling's tales of the British Army.
This time he was making no mistake.
SBA cosponsors these courses with educational institutions.
The two met in the Captain's cabin.
Properly used, the present book is an excellent instrument of enlightenment.
The data show daily and diurnal variations.
She had an alley cat's manners.
When he saw Tommy sitting alone, the tinkling sound stopped.
They were all faded.
The corporation has a limited, specific place in our society.
They'll be there waiting for you.
Why accuse a shipmate of being behind this?
This is shown in the photomicrograph of Figure 8.
Rourke was talking on the phone when he came back.
Operations on both sides had been lackadaisical.
When he looked up again, he seemed almost contented.
Oh, I just come once a week.
They'll roll off in another day.
Who's there?
This would satisfy what presumably was Congress' major purpose.
Julia asks me to come out at once.
Then she saw Ramey and her face was misshapen with bewilderment.
We, of course, obeyed the court order.
They had white skins and blue eyes.
Then he stood back to look at Mr. Jack.
Jack, what is the nature of this concept?
The six-ton Conestoga began to whip and shake.
It's cold.
You may claim a refund.
Its growth continues steadily on a par with past growth.
Not since last night.
Summers pulled up short, and turned around.
What you don't understand is that I'm asking for it now.
The result was grace and modesty.
Mr. Oakes succeeds Charles Merz, editor since 1938.
They married cousins, Anta and Freya Norberg.
Thus shielded, we played many foolish games in comfortable unselfconsciousness.
We don't want Barton's Night Riders loose again.
This characterizes Euclid's formulation of geometry.
There is a police car outside.
You are both the same size.
The skiff was headed for the very center of the nebula.
When suitably lighted, what would it look like?
The two possible outcomes on each trial are driver or nondriver.
It is not something that can be expected to happen now.
What persuaded the cow-man to remain on Shayol?
There's only one more ranch three miles north of here.
Let's move.
Something all of them would regret.
I've never noticed that it improves things any.
Let him become honest, and they discard him.
It hung momentarily on the point of dropping off.
The floc particles were all small as the heavier floc settled out.
Suddenly he grinned.
It could be some kind of trick Budd had thought up.
Listen to me, Leigh.
Their arrival caught John Clayton and Charles Ansley off guard.
If she did, he could stand it better in the light.
Interview the bellboy and chambermaid who waited on Beauclerk.
The surveyor looked sidewise at the captain.
What does he want, a spoon?
Sighing, he hurried to the living room.
We'd heard the record together once.
Jubal deduced what had happened but did not know with whom.
You can find it in the papers.
It was probably around midnight, give or take an hour either way.
Meltzer was a boarder with the Banks family.
She had to move in some direction.
Somewhere in the distance, a woman screamed.
There were no tracks of either hoofs or boots.
Mr. Gross, your report says that our function is investigative.
Make it come off all right.
Something much more thorough is required.
Loomis considers six such processes in his paradigm.
Kitti could have married a score of men.
Is she Chinese or Japanese?
Many school systems now employ school psychologists and child guidance specialists.
One could see this chemical determinant as in itself a miracle.
It's a small measure of payment.
In submarine defense these must have maximum stress.
That was Tee-wah I was talking.
The power source was a commercial DC rectifier.
These frescos have had no care for eighty years.
Three lists of companies were made and used in the study.
It resembles Mozart.
The other was by Chesly Manley in the Chicago Daily Tribune.
Runyon, for his part, had a contemptuous regard for Mr. Hearst.
Somebody brought a light.
Ours were kinder than theirs, some said.
Obviously, a vicious cycle develops.
Mike passed through it and moved toward the dark mass of horses.
Then he began to have epileptic fits.
In this sense also, they are surely conformists.
Sherman laid great store by place captures.
You sound like an old woman.
The illustrations in figure eight show how to lay a concrete block.
Radiation does not retard the chemical spoilage of food.
The others followed Brannon inside.
Therefore the government wanted no part of him.
Then he would run to the toilet behind the house.
There's no doubt this Tim sneaked back and killed Mrs. Buck.
Mines can be used to deny access to great areas.
Young Mercer showed a remarkable lack of aptitude for both instruments.
The Grafin was partial to the word "shall."
They explained value judgments by explaining them away.
Such study may take many forms.
Just stay where you are.
The separate layers are joined together by hydrogen bonds.
Their motion will be eternal and perfect.
This agreement is considered very good for such short time intervals.
She has small, broad, capable hands and an enormous energy.
She glanced away at the floor.
Oh God in Heaven, I can't refuse you now.
There were liberal provisions for dispensation.
There was some difficulty here.
The extrapolation may be in error for several reasons.
It was, indeed, all here, almost a century.
Poet came up from below, wearing new bathing trunks.
What would you do in my place?
You'll have to try it alone.
These results appear sound.
What's that?
The lesson had been learned.
The cooling requirements are particularly severe at the anode.
What is it you want me to do, Mr. Brenner?
The first is a wide-ranging sample of successful tonal analyses.
The oxidation pond has a surface area of 4 acres.
The wash wheel is the equipment preferred for the test.
Nice to know you.
Mahzeer and the prime minister are alone right now.
It is not that such questions are not asked.
Some doctors had informed him he was mistaken about this.
The audience had come not to be entertained but to judge.
Where'd you expect?
The two have never been separable.
On the way he stopped at the desk to receive his mail.
The accuracy was deplorable.
The pilot possessed excellent skill at his calling.
Suggested improvements will be submitted to the Congress shortly.
This time Rachel kissed him lightly on the forehead.
Neither was he very powerful of build.
What shall these effects be?
She did not call out.
It won't take a minute.
They've got no business over here on a stake-out anyway.
Their presence fouled the elegance of that room.
Where is it written?
Thirty-five military and civilian students received laboratory training.
There was no mention of New Orleans.
She wouldn't go back to New York as Maude suggested.
Then he astonished Matsuo by pushing and dragging himself until he sat.
The others likewise had hidden themselves in the grass and the brush.
That's all I know about it and that's all I care.
This would heighten possibilities for part-time on-the-job training.
The day-to-day rate varied by less than a factor of 4.
Sometimes strong stress serves to focus an important secondary relationship.
The ex-prison guard was embarrassed.
The expression has become quite a cliche.
They lived mainly in the kitchen.
It was a time of revelations for him.
She was a strange woman, your mother.
We can breathe out there, all right.
Sixty pounds loading is possible but 40 pounds is adequate.
Sort out the next move.
Other deductions are not allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income.
Miller is the principal antagonist of this viewpoint.
Then he called on the governor to explain why.
The two are as one.
What would you have done in Montero's moccasins?
Tillman knew that some ranchers were hand-in-glove with the Doolin gang.
Since the course, one member has lost her husband.
If she moved gracefully, she was clumsy at it.
Now why did I do that?
It is a team for useful research.
Oso gave me an unruffled look.
Part 4 is a brief summary.
It had a tiny envelope tied to its wrist.
Mrs. Calhoun remembered only that the marriage had been in the church.
Let's get one thing straight.
The ability to think seems to increase consistently with age.
Miss Kiz won't care your coming, will she?
The fencing by the roadside ended.
Scotty was neutral.
She greeted her husband's colleagues with smiling politeness, offering nothing.
The jungle did not retort.
They had chosen this night purposely.
This discovery caused Hal anxiety.
They do not destroy physical structures as is true of high explosives.
Your leg muscles and back muscles feel weary.
Open-flame heating or cooking should be avoided.
They watched the tree until it twisted sharply on a bend.
Mahzeer, of course, would be desolate.
In several instances group J cells were also used as controls.
They are Descartes, Newton, and Voltaire.
Mae wouldn't have plotted a thing like that.
When he looked in the back, Mrs. Gertrude Parker was there.
The mare had backed away.
Perfect set-up, I told him.
This means practically everybody in this room.
Seated on the platform was Amos C. Barstow.
The boat's come unstuck.
No Jew was on hand to boycott his financially struggling theater.
She says the children miss you.
Instead of that he was engulfed by bedlam.
Mr. Baer obtained a supply of crepe hair and spirit-gum.
This counteracted the gain from having no scrap loss.
She had her reasons for this.
So once again she had to argue with him about this.
Quite often, honeybees form a majority on the willow catkins.
Macneff paced some more, frowning.
Thanks anyhow.
The dice were cast.
Two features are immediately evident.
Pops was taking long ones, but not showing the effect yet.
The latter two were appointed secretaries.
Isn't it wonderful?
The lieutenant was not entirely wrong in the belief.
Martha presumably would cope.
Indeed, we are forced to go much farther.
The gas flow through a plasma generator will modify these conditions.
The boatswain was as guilty as any.
They all bowed low as I approached them.
There was the squat loose-jowled man, smiling lopsidedly up at him.
Shayne got in the left-hand lane and cut across the Boulevard divider.
Those lovely whorls, he chortled.
There must be several dozen species in the United States alone.
Matsuo shook his head.
She had it all planned out.
It was stopping.
Oh, Mr. Davis, are you there?
Then he heard it and smelled it, the steady hissing.
Lying in the grass behind the brush clump, Warren looked about.
The fourth and last speaker was Thomas Davis.
Let's do that.
Try to get that down.
There was only one place where the mountain might receive her.
Of primary interest are meats.
Stanley wasn't like that.
It's warm enough to swim.
It makes for confusion and congestion.
Nick's body became rigid.
The compounds are divided according to composition into seven categories.
So were a lot of other people.
The kidneys were pale.
These were the early departures.
Pat let him go, following more leisurely.
Prevot came up.
Most of my friends and I were Jewish.
There were a few blades of lint on the shoulder.
This is a horrible way to live, Wright went on.
You're going to listen!
To do so would make his job well-nigh impossible.
Their basis seems deeper than mere authority.
I've never owned any painting overalls.
Therefore, of course I will help.
Mrs. Jackson's words recalled Dan to his lack of fitness for courting.
It would take time.
There were more indications by the mid-twentieth century.
She was quick.
You can't stay here with me.
The word "distance" is used here in a rather general sense.
Now don't shut this door.
Sometimes, Mrs. Coolidge would close herself in the Green Suite.
The shadow vanished.
Ice caused the aerator to overload, straining the drive belts.
The former scout's alibi couldn't be shaken.
The thin man moved swiftly to the phone and dialed a number.
That's true, Spencer agreed and withdrew himself from the conversation.
Let's ride.
We'll talk later.
It won't cost you a cent, Phil.
You've got blood on your cheek.
When I told him someone had torn it out, he shouted.
When the phone rang, he answered it.
It accounts for so many things.
The cloudburst cut off abruptly.
Someone had taken her away from him.
Mine warfare is being reoriented against submarine targets.
It slips away, it burns and tortures me.
The girl's thin face haunted him.
The authorities had to release him.
We can now prove several lemmas.
The Old Man silently fed upon these streets.
What about a tea room, then?
The data have not yet been analyzed for diurnal variations.
Okay, I'm Happy.
Marshall sat in one of the several leather chairs.
The remote, cloudy, possible has values of its own.
It's second building on the right.
One especially bad detonation shook Lifeboat number three.
There was a lot of shooting.
Pardon me, sir.
It was small comfort for insomnia.
They were already swollen to bursting.
There are optimal humidity requirements for various agents when airborne.
Mr. Brown's invention achieved this.
This restates the already widely known facts in terms of prosodies.
It's here in my pocket.
There is little doubt that the students benefit from vocational education.
This bill should be paid within thirty days.
In most discussions of this phenomenon, the figures are substantially inflated.
The entry J must be written exactly as shown.
Vent pipes also are necessary.
Otherwise, development will not lead to long-run stability.
Not without a face-saving respite of at least a few minutes.
We had drifted closer.
Mr. Miller was in the shop, the Herald Tribune story related.
You know how the ranchers in the valley are.
When he was fifteen John H. Mercer turned out his first song.
These were educated men.
There was no question
The ball broke up in confusion.
One by one he tossed the objects aside.
Mike had not heard it.
Rod looked apprehensively ahead at the narrowing, precipice-walled gorge.
The next week, forty soldiers were sent to get the miscreants.
Someone called.
The Marshal came to know Littlepage quite well.
Skolman wasn't the only one who didn't care for Andy's scheme.
When he charged Mickey was ready.
Winston had been surprised at her for that.
It wasn't so because it couldn't be so.
The study of ideas in literature is one of these.
What is it?
What are they doing on Mars?
We'll ride out as soon as we've had chuck.
This is necessary for a sounder collective defense system.
Orvis even needed to hire an assistant, Clark J. Wait.
Lighting is an important consideration.
Rob Roy remained boss of all the dogs.
She married a man named Vincent Black.
She was now enjoying the voyage very much.
That's the last one we did.
It was a neat setup for murder.
Woodruff was furious.
Maybe I will grow another head.
Obviously, the private eye can have no more appeal.
There were three years of this strange warfare.
The sculptor looked at him, bugeyed and amazed, angry.
Our camp was in the center of a wide valley.
Well, maybe Manas wouldn't call.
Mine warfare has in the past been directed against surface targets.
Now the English are painfully silent about my missing hands.
The opening scene shows this method at its most individual.
This observation too may have reference to Anglo-Saxon poetry.
The man half-reached for the cord of the alarm bell.
Religion usually exercises a stabilizing-conserving function.
We now generalize these ideas for general binomial experiments.
Nevertheless, you were its agent.
Then they went down to Black Bottom.
The arrangement turned out to be excellent.
Issue number one is pupil assignment.
It was a fantastic story.
I've found errors and I want you to look them over.
These are personality factors.
Receiving no answer, they set the fire.
They were right.
It resembled nothing I'd ever seen before.
Why do the police find Holmes unorthodox?
Nevertheless, Mrs. Lewis was still solicitous of his condition.
What are they doing here?
The thought made Pamela shudder.
Language was no problem anyway.
Then Wilson looked over the church and studied its condition.
Surely she was just a trifle fatter around the middle?
The clerk's eyes flickered.
They were like two strangers.
Now listen to that.
Jess painfully got to his feet as someone rattled the door.
The result has been neglect, fumbling efforts, or superficial treatment.
In snakes difference in size is a common characteristic of subspecies.
The sergeant in charge climbed to his feet.
The gun moved.
I'm sure you won't mind doing me a small favor.
It is much more a personal difference.
There was a gentle concern in Benson's voice.
We got Dr. Glenn to him as quickly as we could.
Towns having different fiscal years are difficult to compare.
This is true of all components which have such a bounded support.
Integration has to do with the inter-relation of parts.
It was the Ford that had been outside Burch's farm.
We're from the Council of Europe.
I've given willful hurt to no man.
It is the obverse of triviality, shallowness, emotional anesthesia.
Spring was life.
Obligingly, Gibby lowered his voice.
When I went for my interview with the director, I saw why.
They overflowed the parking lot, making progress by automobile difficult.
It was well past midnight.
With a bellow Carmer lunged at him.
Tragedy is made intimate.
The water level was higher than their hubs.
The girl kneeled by her husband with one arm at his back.
There were two men in the front seat.
Others invoked technology and common sense.
What probabilities should be attached to these possible outcomes?
It can kill you.
The system of indicating gender varied according to tense.
The view is always toward the past,
Leigh, get a grip on yourself.
Let's see it.
The population registration system still has important functions.
To what extent such low density applies to micrometeorites is unknown.
Well I've been ready a long time.
This was Acey Squire, proprietor of the juke joint.
Now let's go out back.
The Abernathys said it to each other a dozen times a day.
Religion thus becomes integrated with life.
It was exposed to a high velocity gas jet.
It was left out of him at birth.
The inspector declined.
Two walls of concrete blocks are constructed at least 20 inches apart.
You see, I always make it look like an accident.
Would you like a drink, or coffee?
They were about a mile off.
Women and children fled in terror across the Bay.
Julia, seeing the bandage, rushed to him.
Mike, there's Mars.
The maid answered and he decided Nancy must be at work.
Madden took up this point with Garth, who shrugged it off.
Mr. Ferrell is a private detective.
Some of us have imagination and sensibility too.
Time had no meaning.
Lord whistled tunelessly as he fought the steering wheel.
To break the uncomfortable silence, Haney began to talk.
The record teems with romance and adventure.
Still, this had to be checked out.
They are able to sit more patiently with what they have bought.
Men screamed.
Within a month, calls were up seventy percent.
Ramey said nothing.
Then the various officers of the college might take up the case.
Later Brumidi and Costaggini will be seen coping with this same problem.
The results are too varied to allow generalization.
There remain many political and administrative problems to be solved.
You were careful about that.
The words were hollow.
Underneath, he remained one of the best-educated Russians of his day.
That is, will it serve the long-range public interest?
She didn't turn away from the window.
The two lawmen halted their wagon about twenty yards from the door.
Rev said, "Come in, Sarah."
It's bigger than the Armistice.
She had invited him in for coffee.
The air conditioner was no longer running.
Mickie laughed.
This was more than joy.
That's all I'm sure of.
The two kids were together.
W. H. Stevenson continued the attack.
Were you in love with that girl?
Then what about the second interim public announcement?
She was so beautiful, so valiant, so pitiable.
That could mean trouble with a fellow that's working for crooks.
She must be cautious so as not to alert the scheming forest.
That was where he met Penny.
The body was heavier than he had anticipated.
The Republicans nominated Lieutenant-Governor Turner for governor.
The values agree with the data from 1958 and 1959.
One had been too many.
To his puzzlement, there suddenly was no haze.
Then I spoke at the ninetieth birthday party of W. E. Burghardt.
This reading and the comments that it evoked constitute the influence.
Thomas's ellipses and ambiguities are ends in themselves.
Lilly preferred the loneliness of that walk.
These hard-surface cleaners are discussed in Chapter twenty-eight.
We don't know this guy.
Johnson never would have believed she had a son that age.
There's no war on now.
Only then did he decide he didn't want one.
Tell him under no circumstances to trust the prime minister with Mahzeer.
They were all good men.
The pilots' heads looked ridiculously small.
What are you talking about, Ryan?
The theory behind this is, of course, fundamentalist in character.
Insect infestation is a problem of importance chiefly in stored grain.
My dress needs some work on it.
The extent of such interference may be slight.
This was a doubly bitter blow to the king.
There was something phony about all this gun waving.
In other areas it held back, pleading its Commonwealth bonds.
Think you can walk to the table?
Peter Marshall reflected.
Try to imagine you're going to be murdered yourself.
The other patrons were taxi drivers and art students and small shopkeepers.
The group conducting the review is not holding formal hearings.
It will grow again, in California.
They are longing to see you.
The effect is as if he had materialized out of nowhere.
There was no evidence of fibrosis.
Space charge influences will also decrease at increased voltages.
They haven't seen us.
Weekly samples would make any changes more readily discernible than daily samples.
Questions came to me from all sides about my world citizenship activities.
My own experience has followed simpler lines.
In fact, it had to be tried.
To round out the blockading force, submarines would be needed.
The Colt roared twice and two men dropped, writhing.
Speak to him again anyway.
It doesn't matter, Rock.
Red was small and fine-boned, like ivory-inlay.
She smiled slightly.
Reverend Jason got one, the Canadians the others.
This coat looks like a rag heap.
Matsuo repeatedly choked down his own nausea.
Why didn't you go there?
The results looked as follows.
Your wife isn't going to join you later?
Larger and more comfortable.
There was more to this than Jones had told him.
No sensory defects were found.
This material fluoresces under ultraviolet light.
Shake, I said.
They had timed it better this time.
Two cars came over a crest, their chrome and glass flashing.
Mr. Manuel did that in the war.
It was awkward, very awkward.
This, of course, is the theme of much art.
It includes operational intelligence of the enemy and knowledge of the environment.
It took a long time before the British tipped the balance.
It wasn't like carrying the suitcase.
That's when my evening commences.
This may be of importance in considering military objectives.
The orderly room seemed to be deserted.
The third need is for better theory.
The importance of particle size in such aerosols has been demonstrated.
The Harbor is a big yachting basin in the summer.
The top rolls are loaded with 40 pounds.
The room looked normal and even commonplace.
You're going to need your woman.
Tom never knew how to condense, to boil down.
Over his shoulder he could see Prevot with the machine gun crew.
In analyzing this regulation, let us take the last sentence first.
The great black leopards.
Three examples follow.
They also want money, prestige, and security.
You're lighter than me.
It seems to me that it rather easily can.
Now there was raucous male singing from the Fleet Bar.
Two minutes later it came again.
Some deductions are subtracted from Gross Income.
The buckskin bolted out of the stall.
What's the matter?
It is the difference between Bach and Mozart.
It is not the authority of God Himself which makes them true.
Would the shot come from a roof?
This gives a clue to the cosmical order of elements.
This is Dale Nelson, the actor.
I've been cooped up so long, he added.
Pike proved himself adept in the political arena.
She couldn't see how her death could affect Maude.
Lights blazed in the big house and surrounding grounds.
Lincoln mentioned their distinguished ability, courage and perseverance.
One needs high talent.
That was all he had to say.
Walk.
Will you drop the anchor?
Now I learn I cannot enter Germany.
The town of Buckhorn's only about six miles from here.
We've only been married four years, January.
The rustling problem was by no means solved.
The women's faces had hardened after my statement.
These addresses are calculated automatically by the processor.
We all know when it is going to happen.
If you take the one, you'd better take both.
I've got one question.
I've seen a lot of things in my time.
It was icy cold and tasted delicious.
We made it back to the Harbor in less than four minutes.
Nitrogen and oxygen are about it.
Washed, they came out surprisingly clear and bright.
Its blade was dazzling in the intense sunlight.
You get that kid over to Rose's house.
Tell me more, Sandalphon.
My name is Dandy Brandon, missy.
We were off the road, gleaming barbed wire pulling taut.
Not that one.
Mr. Hearst's telegraphic code word for Victor Watson was fatboy.
You won't be needing this.
Recovering the property was much less important.
It's a portable companion always ready to go where you go.
The seventh principle of the plan is self-evident.
Is that a compliment?
We already have the only one of its kind.
Johnny insisted on cooking a chicken dinner in my honor.
In the silence that followed, Miriam walked close to Mrs. Cupply.
What are your weaknesses?
Shipments of arms from Western countries could similarly be seized as contraband.
That she impressed me instantly was obvious.
It was given or it was not given.
We and our friends are, of course, concerned with self-defense.
Two or three times, C. C. Burlingham came to lunch.
It can contribute to the development of critical countries and regions.
So far, no troublesome cases have arisen under this provision.
Where are they?
She was succeeded by Clarence Goyette.
It's all in your mind.
In short, scientific sampling was introduced in place of subjective sampling.
Winston enjoyed seeing him start out.
That was almost forty years ago.
Records such as diaries can be kept.
The boy scowled at him, and the girl looked shocked.
Was her name Lisa Carmody?
They said that we must not fight but wait for the Messiah.
Winston laid it in the basket.
Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts?
The revolution was well under way before 700 B.C.
The same is true of every foundation.
This result is preliminary, and work is continuing.
This is why he made such a magnificent soldier.
Socialism, I grant, has a definite place in our society.
What would happen next?
The instinct of discipline has been lost.
The packing shed workers go on strike.
You shall have food, water and rest.
Put Cate's gun back.
You've not seemed like them, but maybe you are.
Was it all vain labor?
Not that such a list cannot be constructed.
It is largely a matter of finding passages that suit one's purposes.
There didn't seem to be any signs of a struggle.
They were eight feet apart when Roberts cleared the last step.
Roleplaying used for analysis follows these general steps.
Wanna drink?
What happened with you?
The three others got off easier.
When the neon sign flashed on, the shadow was still there.
It was demonstrated.
This was the Greek word most often translated as baptism.
Naturally, he couched the provision in obscure language.
What are you doing here?
This procedure was repeated one day a month for four months.
The right to leave legacies should be substantially reduced.
Let Senora Brannon live in her father's house for a time.
This truth that the moral law is natural has other important corollaries.
Robinson did neither.
So you see Mr. Christiansen knows what it's all about.
She knelt out of reverence for having read the Meditations.
Todman, drop your second element back.
She had caught the implication of the oath.
Little Anne rapidly outdistanced her mother in recovery.
Miss Maude say she won't.
Los Angeles in 1957 finally bowed to the skyscraper.
It was ten minutes before eleven.
My wife died in childbirth after I was sent away.
She called softly to Barney.
You bought it?
Under that order, we have continued referring workers to the ranch.
She got to her feet, staggered, and almost fell.
Materials for this shelter would cost about $700.
The Bartlett girl was killed by Mr. Dronk's son.
She did not touch him.
The results are shown in Table 3.
What was the list?
What does a monk know about sex?
Keith was snarling now.
Quickly, he went into the bedroom.
The critics literally screamed their indignation.
There stood a night policeman just like in the States.
These words are more expressive than labels like A and not-A.
What are you doing out of the block?
The History Of England has often been compared with Green's Short History.
There was one object which sickened, yet fascinated me.
It was funny but it was also touching.
They won't talk about who gave the information.
The successor corporations have been held entitled to sue on such claims.
This initiates the second step of glossary lookup.
The guerrillas scattered for cover.
Mahzeer's the ambassador.
It would add about $500 to the total cost of the home.
They depend upon the structure of individual personality.
She wore shorts and a loose terry-cloth shirt.
It was as if foreign duty implied and excused licenses.
The gyro angular momentum is defined by J.
The scaffold was the length of the space to be painted.
Ten years ago they blew up some of our ditches.
Let me illustrate.
She, too, ignored him.
You knew him?
We've done our part.
Since his seizure, Scotty had had little appetite.
Why pay her bills?
Microorganisms are often responsible for the rapid spoilage of foods.
To honor him is to honor ourselves.
Seen by the public, the musician is the underdog par excellence.
Lighting my pipe, I took a walk.
What the hell?
They should not be sad.
Matsuo put the bottle to his own lips.
The money's here, all of it.
Pretty girls were among them, with blonde hair and pert faces.
She shook her head.
Mickey waited with slack arms.
Neither of them trusted the movers.
Nothing was too impossible for her to do when she wanted.
Old people have their idiosyncrasies.
She must not think about time.
Lieutenant Colonel James P. Brownlow commanded the First Brigade.
The letter, scraped on stone, had been a message home.
Macneff stopped pacing to stare at Hal with his pale blue eyes.
There are also corresponding members and outside advisory groups.
That's all.
She might not have taken it away again.
She looked up.
Lauren said, "Why can't I call my home?"
She had hated the whole idea before they started.
They must, therefore, be related to long-range development plans.
One of the devices for tension management is preferential mating.
To me Lilly was a fine and lovely girl.
There were many more between here and Jarrodsville.
There will be no women aboard the Gabriel.
I've got to get her.
In Great Expectations the hands become almost an obsession.
The square head fell over.
Thornburg arrived with the writers.
Suppose that this one were to work?
Mercer squeezed the man's shoulder.
This is not a short-run goal.
The volume was completed in 1950 and published in 1951.
That was true, but only half the truth.
There is no selectivity.
The latter required juggling several elements simultaneously.
We run a respectable house here.
Pale yellow snapdragons can be made to bite by pinching.
Nate turned his head, attempting to speak in a soothing voice.
What's that thing going buzz buzz buzz in your car?
The two volumes are available from the publisher.
We have recourse to the scientifically-trained specialist.
The artist-author said nothing, but stood to one side.
The raped valley was a pregnant womb awaiting abortion.
You're in the secular world.
Our key salesmen are in appliances and cosmetics.
What else?
It must have cost plenty.
Such a difference might have resulted from one of two things.
Surprisingly, he had told the others what he had done.
Ross had no intention of searching for the assassin.
Why didn't you wait at the Burch house?
This was not a particularly shocking or unexpected thing.
It is recognized that a mail questionnaire has inherent limitations.
Weigand tossed this news into the centrifuge.
Their effects are only superficially startling.
What was he to do now?
This test resulted in further revisions of the questionnaire.
Let it burn down.
Wonder grows.
In the main, this course took the following directional high roads.
The bedsprings betrayed him with a creak.
Rather than being deceived, the eye is puzzled.
The marine reached up a hand.
Unless I'm crazy, they're two of Painter's boys.
Maybe the Indian wasn't too much at fault.
The boy jerked away.
That's out of a play.
Popping upright, the marine waved both hands and shouted.
She was just not able to break the spell.
It was a picked assault company.
You intend to speak with Mr. Roy?
The sooner you act like an angel the quicker you'll feel angelic.
In 1931 Mrs. F. H. Briggs was agent and chief operator.
There was no lack of opportunity, presuming she had a gun.
In this final line, we have the key to his nature.
There was a finality in the rhythm of the prayer.
There's no professional.
If it were the enemy, tactically his position was correct.
To have someday that love returned was what he had lived for.
Tell her to come here to the hotel.
This reveals some misunderstanding on your part.
This was senseless.
What's the rest of your name?
White's suggestion flattered, but he did not like the identity.
Their program tends to be technological.
Thus far the advances made have been almost entirely along functional lines.
There have been a number of sound plans proposed.
Mr. Justice Taney's Dred Scott decision was unpopular.
The tapping defined the rhythm and kept the boys awake.
I've got a day's work to do.
She took off at noon, and she never came back.
Who needs them?
Skolman's jammed in every table he could find.
There's not much use in locking up the storehouse now.
Twenty-eight returns in all were received.
Then the faint beginnings of fear stirred in his mind.
Red, come along.
There were tools about but they were neatly kept.
This problem has remained largely unexamined by the sociologist.
When she awoke, she was the ship.
In fact, he didn't want to teach anywhere.
Rachel talked to him.
Not me, anyway.
This happened in the middle of a drinking bout with another bum.
I've served as a counsel.
The sheriff's swivel chair tilted back.
Ride!
Who says it's going to be published?
Therefore, detergents are used.
There was no use wandering off into a territory of utter nightmare.
The order is identical to the ordering of the forms they describe.
That was the day it ended.
Kitty screamed insanely and her face was white.
It was just quarter of nine.
One of these is the solidarity of marriage.
It was pierced by a wagon gate built of two wings.
This was accordingly done.
What is your name, boy?
Trig was one of the five volunteers.
She had retreated to this world.
Naturally this includes all communication forms.
We of the liberal-led world got all set for peace and rehabilitation.
No organization can carry on like that.
It ran until past one o'clock.
They were in the center of the lobby now.
Most of the time I get what I ask for.
The radioactivity of fallout decays rapidly at first.
That unused room was large enough for it.
If that was the skiff, it was making unprecedented speed.
We'll pay you back if you'll let us.
There's lots of time left.
We're out just a little too far.
The pockets of his jacket bulged.
Nothing happened.
Only Cromwell, the giant boatswain, was mild-mannered and respectful.
Thornburg patted his arm.
To save time, some clarification seemed necessary.
The day-watch platoon commander, Lieutenant Rinker, was calling.
There need be no squeamishness about admitting this.
Mike struck with the muzzle of the pistol.
Your wife's in terrible shape.
There had been tension in the plane during the silent descent.
Transparent look, waxy skin, could well be uremia.
This is an important consideration.
The Beech Pasture had suddenly become valuable.
You look about fifteen years old.
Wonder is indeed the intellectual gateway to the spiritual world.
We would be ignoring the special circumstances of other countries.
Part one in both volumes is labeled Introduction And Tables.
She wants to pay you a visit.
So he made a mistake.
Its enforcement was enjoined by a federal trial court.
Not now.
Jane sat receptive and interested.
Victor had led an adventurous life.
The era, however, is Janus-faced.
This was a bull of a man.
Ray Pepinsky is the Director.
She looked down at her hands, too.
You would call these the motives of crime.
The sudden solitude had lost its momentary charm and become oppressive.
Thus, the most productive areas are not necessarily the most stressed.
It was not a discourteous question, Lawrence decided.
It is often venerated as the birthday of the scientific revolution.
It was from Baton Rouge.
The numbers indicate the number of nearest neighbors.
These have sought more and more of what they have.
She sounded as though they already existed.
Never, never did I offer him the exclusive rights.
This gives F, which is the pressure.
There was a house.
Places, too, have their haunting qualities.
On their right rose the embankment covered with brush and trees.
It's much better to break a cellar window.
So was the gun.
These early experiments were not altogether satisfying to him.
What reason did she give?
Who was the murdered woman?
We can't take a chance on that.
The marine was a winehead.
The Ramirez brothers were also along.
They were free.
You'd like to hear how I go about it.
The single curve line represents a specific formulation in a test example.
Tommy Momoyama was one of these fortunate occasions.
The clerk's smile congealed.
Pat had never pretended to give advice in such affairs.
There was little likelihood of any customers walking in at that hour.
Twenty-nine exhibits received awards.
Where were the hardships she had expected?
The dispatch must have been sent after sundown on September 1st.
Some tore entirely through the whipsawed post oak.
There is a workable alternative.
No adjustment needed.
They had brandy in the library.
Microscopically, there was fibrosis, and vascular congestion.
We'll stampede the rest.
She's got plenty of guts, Mr. Paxton.
Under no circumstances could we mistake one for the other.
It proves a college education pays off.
What are you trying to do?
This problem is perhaps as old as social casework itself.
That's what they all say.
Very small concentrations of these hydrides should be detectable.
Literary movements are the creation of pimps who live off writers.
That meant he'd parked someplace.
You should have told me about her before.
These were thought to represent regenerating fibers.
There was another on this side, a little further down.
It is not a question of truth or falsity.
The effects can be related to the structure of this enzyme.
If only the latter were true.
Is there anything wrong with this room?
Will you call that captain?
Somebody was riding the tree.
The voice was that of Johnson, tail gunner off another crew.
The system as indicated in Figure 7 is fundamental and simple.
The measurement of topcoats on primers can also readily be carried out.
Mickey was sure now he was dead.
The temperature dependent value of J was taken from reference seven.
There's better things to do than listen to something like that.
She glanced at her companion fondly.
Water rationing will be difficult and should be planned carefully.
There is no socially existential answer to the question.
The platform is initially off level by the angle J.
She smiled.
It enclosed her clammy hands and twined around her ankles.
Table seven illustrates the point.
Lilly Banks and I became friends.
What are you doing here? demanded Alec.
It is necessary that Poland should be free.
There is no dispute involving fieldwork.
They took it away.
What else would I mean?
Mr. Baer had an auburn beard, like Longfellow's.
This means that work equals Q which in turn equals F.
It's nothing new.
See Chapter five.
That's what you wanted, isn't it?
They did not actively negate them.
Yet last year's volume probably topped 100 million pounds.
Later this play would be called "Welcome To Our City."
Lord nodded.
Well, how could that have been?
Wilson inquired about it.
So would radar picket ships.
I've had enough of that.
We may say of some unfortunates that they were never young.
Russ ran up the steps quickly to the plank porch.
The following steps are employed in the calculations.
We'll walk up there later.
So she couldn't choose Rev as a confidant.
There are differences between the requirements for textile and hard-surface cleaning.
Those ten days were like no others that Blanche had known.
This tragic lad had forged his own shackles.
The layout of the sewer lines was designed by Henry W. Taylor.
That's why this company's important.
She smiled at him.
You got away, didn't you?
The strategy worked perfectly.
Individual human strength is needed to pit against an inhuman condition.
Why aren't you playing ball?
She had tuned her sight to the proper degree.
It took him a long time to compose himself.
Such legislation was clarified and extended from time to time thereafter.
It's still unbelievable that it was murder.
The reporter nodded as he moved up beside him at the bar.
They are the most efficient.
Who'd hit you in the head?
She dropped her head on her arms on the counter.
Now we grow closer.
It was the influenza pandemic of 1918 to 1919.
Well, there's time, in any case.
We ourselves must stand sentinel.
Keep this to yourself.
Seems to me I don't remember altering any law about that.
That was all she said.
The big car sprang away from the curb like something alive.
What do you want to do about the lay-sisters?
The apostolic community was literally an elite chosen by Christ himself.
What was his name?
The circle came nearer and nearer.
While one element is announcing progress, another is delineating its problems.
This has always been Carl's attitude.
The first involves a simple shift of interests in the society.
She took another bite of toast.
If Krutch is correct, tragedy may have quite the opposite effect.
The man's true reputation is his work.
They are not true because scientists or prophets say they are true.
They are also honest seekers after truth.
It is endless.
Marty recognized the man.
They would champion me.
There was no chance.
Okay, take the tray.
The angle F is measured in the medium of index F
You'll just have to risk it.
Our man stopped dead and glowered at Felix.
What did the Colonel do about the men?
They had pistols in their hands.
So why don't you be a good boy?
Now that's not regulation, is it?
Susan bounced to her feet and slammed the door.
Sure, I'm hungry.
The marine nodded vigorously.
Lawrence was waiting for Bill Boxell.
These are just another couple of characters to roll.
Who would clean up the mess?
It wasn't necessarily all here in New York.
It no longer mattered that Burton had outsmarted him.
Winston watched her fumbling to untie her apron.
Lester heard their muttering and saw their eyes reveal their desire.
Maybe you just don't feel like a cigar.
One was with a whitehaired and doting lieutenant commander.
Mr. Roy is determined to make this dive.
We can catch him.
Love to you, my Ward.
Some special health requirements might have to be met.
Their artistic rationale is given to the witness of unreason.
Powerful hands had killed her.
Thus earth has fallen to the center of the universe.
Operational intelligence presumably will be available from our national intelligence agencies.
To this we of course agree.
That was another one of those traps.
Rev's face was suddenly a little fixed and questioning.
The horses were only several lengths away when he fired.
It concerned an officer who had been disgraced and drummed out.
No single explanation is adequate to account for this.
The seventeen men stood and stared at him for a moment longer.
Stacy said he left her suite at nine forty-five p.m.
This relationship, however, is not maintained centrally.
Perhaps it should have.
They despised foreigners.
Matsuo jumped when the hidden arm flopped out.
Keane left, within three days.
Why does the story affect us?
We are between the horns of a dilemma.
When May came the Caravan had already crossed the Equator.
Mr. Hohlbein was out for the day.
You have just enlisted for the Rhine Campaign.
The worst was yet to come.
The following is a less extreme example of dependence.
Nobody, he suddenly realized, was saying anything.
It was really a May and December combination.
It's a kindness to her.
With scarcely a mumble of excuse, I fled.
It was going to be another hot day.
The railroad siding is still important.
Under me the ground quivered
Lousiness is a prerequisite for epidemic typhus.
She had lost the extra torsos.
They expected some sort of reward for the information.
This element is often called strong hands.
The trials are independent.
It took some time to locate Horn.
The anode ablation could be reduced to a negligible amount.
It did not.
This salvation does not take the form of a Christian Heaven.
Regulars drive out their own cars.
This is the issue of segregated schools in the South.
There's no need to leave a note with it.
They all flew into action.
The upper part of his packet had stained dark.
Mullins came in.
It wouldn't matter to a fool like you.
These two were going to be easy pickins.
You find your house a focus of public and police attention.
We followed him up the stairs.
The new part is finished.
No amount of ballyhoo will cover up the sordid facts.
The girl looked around quickly at several of the people.
This time more of them hurdled the barrier.
The description of the Siddo syntax was very restricted.
Mrs. Coolidge spent more time in her bedroom among her doll collection.
Send an invitation to everybody but them.
They are a very difficult group of people.
Religion seeks to satisfy human needs of great pertinence.
The leading case was Seaboard Airline Railway versus the United States.
To compute your adjusted gross income you total all items of income.
No doubt there would be men guarding the horses.
It can project long-range goals for itself.
The birth of the myth compensates for the death of the ideal.
The instruments don't show them.
The images can easily be aligned with a high degree of accuracy.
Mary Jane Lerner knew none of this.
It's late and you said they'd be here by dawn.
This time no wire came whipping into the truck.
There is a new atmosphere of urgency in Washington this week.
The pertinent regulation for our purposes is Section six oh two.
There was nothing coherent about his thinking.
It banishes the night wanderers to fire or repose.
I've been that far half a dozen times.
Two things contribute to his popularity.
Wait a minute.
Most of the impact energy is spent in crushing and fragmentation.
Turning slowly he saw Poet in a brilliant glare of horror.
It had a red circle.
You're about as dumb as they come, Adams.
The lifeboats were stuck fast.
Is that the name for the needle?
Winston had the big straw basket ready in the hall.
US aid, therefore, should increasingly be designed to provide incentives.
The sun moved slant-wise across the sky and down.
Smiling, she sat down on the suitcase and waited and watched.
She can drop dead.
This would be Mahzeer's office.
My, you look chipper.
Many students of literature know that classical defense.
You've got the lovelies on the brain.
I'm usually a very strong woman, but I'm awfully tired.
It at least offered him a chance for living.
Poverty imposes a kind of chastity on the ambitious.
Subgroups of various types have been found within this system.
The building was dwarfed by the scene outside.
Winston was relieved; those presents had been on his mind.
The worst part had been the waiting.
She'd also remember if the groom died later.
The magnification may be smaller, equal, or larger than unity.
These variations must eventually be measured horizontally as well as vertically.
You don't even know where we're headed.
The car was waiting for him.
In the third category the function is double-valued in this interval.
That was the new advertising angle.
When he saw me coming, he turned his radio off.
This is very uncommon.
It clanged shut as he sprang toward it.
Passing dogs were greeted with a cordial bark.
The battle is not easy.
Montero's rifle cracked.
The bacteria formed typical activated sludge floc.
With leather cups fitted in his handlebars, he steered his bicycle.
Mickey backed off again and Roberts hesitated, then came along.
It won't open from inside.
This love belongs to childhood.
They had for cover both darkness and a summer storm.
If the other pilots were worried, they did not show it.
There's nothing out here but rattlesnakes.
Now turn around so I can see your face.
Shall I let them know you're awake?
Those who would suppress dangerous thoughts, credit ideas with high potency.
The Utopians brace conscience with legal sanctions.
Nineteen-sixty has been a baffling year.
The particles traveled a maximum distance of some 400 miles.
You're the man.
This approach rejects virtually all field measurements.
We haven't had anything to eat all day.
It was a rough long ride through the mud and pot holes.
What would the first projects be?
Well, that's over now.
These poured through the gate and joined the flight.
They moved slowly, toward the main gate, following the wall.
We went once more over every point, then triple-checked.
The dance was of Haitian origin.
The children are eating, and Miss Blackwell's on her way somewhere.
It's nothing to fool with.
Next to the ocean, probably the loneliest spot was the desert.
The war found him much too early.
Karl played well and his favorite song was a Schubert lullaby.
Mr. Black's life was an open book, so to speak.
This was a profound statement.
The qualifications to vote were kept very simple.
She wished that she could talk to her mother about it.
Strong hands act; weak hands react.
Old Chris is my ideal.
We've had any number of calls about you.
There's a walk there that goes out to Quebec Drive.
The girl dropped off to sleep.
The roof blocks are in two layers and are not mortared together.
The Carleton Service Fund provides the financial support for this program.
They all left me.
Spontaneity training theory is unique and relatively new.
Mrs. Coolidge looked down and saw Mama's horrified expression.
Still, I was disgusted with myself for agreeing with Montero's methods.
So you get rid of that pistol right now, Mister McBride.
This is not true.
Presently she came out of the schoolhouse.
Rough cloth rasped his fist.
Maybe he's at the hotel.
Right, said the fingerprint man.
Right now you need a meal and a bath.
Proper evidence of the liquidation and succession must also be filed.
They even pay me six dollars a month.
Spread everything out.
That's my job.
Let's go inside.
It was coming toward him.
The single shot would come.
The mean onset age was twenty-five months.
The problems of hard-surface cleaning are not nearly as complex.
You see, she's on a diet.
What is the trick?
There the objective sat, brooding over all.
Mr. McKinley examined everything with critical care.
They thundered at him.
The tires are rattling on the wheels now.
Who says so?
You're a taxpayer, householder, and landlord.
The bullet had penetrated in the area of the right collarbone.
Karipo was something of a politician as well as a militarist.
Jed's homestead is on the south bank.
Pompeii rolled over.
Measurements were obtained on eleven days.
The plane rumbled and slowed.
Should the accelerating growth of technology then warn us?
They would have to go soon.
This conclusion is, however, an over-simplification.
The shelter would provide almost absolute fallout protection.
So I got out.
Tomorrow Mardi-Gras opens officially.
It was fun for me, all right.
Why don't they tell me themselves if it bothers them?
Then suddenly there was a tremendous revulsion of popular feeling.
The water was warm and stale and had a brackish taste.
She seemed to have come such a long distance.
They'd have some suspicions to repeat to the police.
The radiation processing of meat has received extensive investigation.
Woodruff was now impaled on the horns of a dilemma.
Issue number two is teacher assignment in order to desegregate.
Welmers has suggested one explanation.
Rather erotically he listened to the bath water running.
It's a formality, you know.
Without careful qualification this can be misleading.
This was Boniface's monumental tactlessness.
One of the leading members of the Amen corner was cook.
It wasn't hard to understand.
There was typhoid and malaria.
The old man opened the door and stepped out into the sunlight.
Twice he nearly fell.
Such books are easy prey for critics.
Someone clapped tentatively then quickly stopped.
Raymond L. Ditmars had two broods that averaged twenty-seven inches.
What did you mean by that rattlesnake gag?
J. Wheaton Smith was editor of the Warren Telegraph.
The submarine has become increasingly attractive as an antisubmarine weapon system.
This was fortunate as the Vail plant burned in 1925.
This means much to the American tradition.
The illustration shows this shelter.
We're putting you where you won't come to harm anyone.
Our campus, unfortunately, owns no films.
The critical comments in the textual sections of this publication are invaluable.
We collected lucky stones.
There was no word spoken, no apparent signal given.
That's why I why I do a free job now.
If it were wholly random and unrelated, it would be two.
The sentry was not dead.
Its aim is to undermine Cuba's economy.
They'll trample it down.
They should provide for simple recreation.
The method of selection Fromm uses achieves exactly that.
Once and for all he'd finish this marine who would not die.
Incidentally, no Mexican nationals were involved.
Land looked back toward the dilapidated house.
The child dies with his mourning mother at his bedside.
You can joke all you like.
Sea-road, railroad, and lack of water, killed Dogtown.
Slug the kid and grab his dough.
Rachel had to bend toward Scotty and ask him to repeat.
She couldn't cook or clean or make him comfortable.
The man was just this side of being a freak.
Susan and Julia came from the door and dragged him with them.
The regular sections do not allow freshmen.
Then he came out and started driving toward the beach.
It was her first smile.
Oso slept unconcernedly, his rifle cradled in his arms.
What's its name?
Ideas are the thruway to nowhere.
So you turn around.
On unoccupied roadway the bottle shattered into a small amber flash.
She'd get half of everything I have.
Shayne opened the door on his side and stepped out.
It is this conclusion that we challenge.
Or nearly.
Other morphological, physical, and optical property values are given.
Well, I'll take it down with me as I go.
This process is especially difficult since gyro drifting is typically random.
Then he realized the utter futility of the idea.
The columns of the Parthenon are fluted Doric.
That's an order.
They had learned, both of them, about Abraham Wharf.
Let us see just how typical Krim is.
These studies vary widely in scope and precision.
We can die like real people.
Twenty-four hours had changed him from a performer to a freak.
The boys were tiny.
This expectation is what really sold them.
That fire's too big.
Mr. Justice Black no doubt concurs in principle.
The blueberry pie is good, Scotty.
Nora disliked the Old Man.
The alveoli and respiratory bronchioles are primarily diffusing tissues.
No one had much to say.
This he claimed was the favorite refrain of the English.
The heavy glass didn't break, but the top flew off.
Why, yes.
There was no confusion and no litter.
Yeah, I've heard more about J than space exploration lately.
The brain was examined for thrombosis, clot or hemorrhage.
Ryan shook his head.
Once again life went its serene way.
New ideas were dangerous and must be repressed, no matter how.
The purchasers rejected the order in two letters written in vigorous terms.
I've been after her for years.
The unshielded flux is given in the last column.
Poet nodded to Nick and entered the water in a similar fashion.
The noise stunned her.
It rarely speaks as a unit.
So I have heard.
It can promote international cooperation and good will toward this country.
Location theorists have given these matters much consideration.
The youth obeyed when commanded.
The sun grew hotter as it approached the midday.
What's below the water-line interests me also.
They must continue to satisfy basic capital needs.
They kept him alive, waiting.
No wonder Wright was enchanted.
Oh, it would be butchery all right, the European said.
There was nothing in particular on the man's face.
It would have killed you in the cabin.
The drug went after the pain and swallowed it.
Shall we get out of here?
Once the Old Man had had a wife.
Mercer got the blissful needle.
With distaste I saw him assume a pompous air.
Let's take 'em home.
They could come on him now without difficulty.
The bed was empty now.
Smaller systems can of course be stated much more succinctly.
It would have been Hohlbein who handled her affairs.
There had also been a man who must have had St. Vitus Dance.
This had worried her.
Pierre had no hands; they had been severed at the wrists.
She didn't tell anyone, even her mother, what was wrong.
Wilson came by train from Birmingham and looked the city over.
What did it mean?
There was no time to pick out a penny.
The crisis occurs as a weakening of spiritual forces.
There was not enough room to make the usual vertical bomb run.
The smell of sake had freshened yesterday's events in his thoughts.
What am I going to do with her all day?
The sweat broke out on Mr. Skyros' forehead.
Nothing looks less like their work than the happenings of random occasion.
One sound and you're dead.
The German courteously indicated that Robinson should mount first.
Purvis and Silas Pettigrew were the last to leave.
Study the topography of the suite.
Isn't that so?
She didn't really say.
Where is he?
What was true for archeology was also true of place-name studies.
Stupid fools!
The size of this hot region was estimated by eye.
Let's hear it, anyway.
Your friend Manny can go any time.
It's just that eleven is being redecorated.
Substances all crystalline substances and other solid-state materials.
We had become good friends during my stay at Cook County Hospital.
It was not opposed to either justice or morality.
There are formula and name indexes covering both parts.
The young poet-painter reproduces the French life of the streets.
There was a thick, squashy crack of fist on flesh.
The way was opening up.
Just this one favor, Dad.
She calmly repeated what Moore had told me.
Like yourselves, we have pride and love for our country.
In my sights I watched him looming bigger and bigger.
Never at all.
In that case, let's not draw.
What did you do with them?
Under modern conditions, this is especially true of the ready reserve.
You're the young Blackwell woman.
There were hideous scars inside the throat and the palate was mutilated.
This date in 1819 marked the sailing of the SS Savannah.
Ryan, there are other explanations for the disappearance of the bodies.
Some odor made him lean over the man.
What if the marines never came?
Mr. Jack sets store by that.
Two weeks ago she had gone west to Pearson City.
It's not about you or Midge.
She smiled to herself.
The voice came from behind him, and Wilson turned.
The few survivors grudgingly turned away.
It's no job for you.
Mercer never noticed the needle touch his arm.
So somebody else could have come in, too.
The Admassy place could not be far now.
We already have courses covering those problems, and so on.
Those little children.
To want to change is the third step.
Morgan himself had sciatica again.
Toss a die until an ace appears.
No sir.
There were no dates or hand-holding.
When she was finished she pushed it back.
It's on the right.
Well, I do remember one.
This is no assignment for a frivolous girl, she assures him.
The marines let him advance.
Scotty accepted the decision with indifference and did not enter the arguments.
Selective inhibitors can distinguish the two activities.
Much of the material comes directly from secondary sources.
She was the opposite of everything she should have been.
Originally, the main types used were various compositions of polyesters.
Such an operator is obviously the zero operator.
White's arm went up and Warren raised his own.
Miss Ada was looking fine; she had on her Easter suit.
They blame us for all their troubles.
Someone had moved beyond the range of the light from the window.
W. O. Wolfe was a prominent business man and pioneer.
She was like charcoal.
There's still such a thing as mental illness.
That's my wife Sharon.
There was someone in front with the sheriff.
Joe Purvis was thinking back many years.
It was dark early, because of the storm.
Why on earth did I send him off to work there?
If he ever did such a thing again she'd die of shame.
Nothing less would serve.
Thus the fictional detective is much more than a simple businessman.
Pure fire, the stars, is in the heavens.
MacPherson boldly approached the fortified adobe house and demanded entrance.
Well, I was a little bit confused.
What happened to your head?
The dominant pottery of the century was geometric.
Pauling paused again.
This is Mitchell Barton.
Now, Sweeneys, now.
Roberta said, "No."
They don't go for bull-like muscle, as a rule.
She was standing with her back to the glass door.
They were running from something.
If it was intentional, it was now also unnecessary.
Mary Jane got up quietly and walked away.
The place was quiet.
The Golden Calf was dimly lit with shaded neon.
To say this is to set aside the realness of time.
This is known as conformational entropy.
Mussorgsky frequently uses liturgical music with considerable dramatic force.
There was no telling how she'd react to spending money.
The Interstate Commerce Commission will commence its deliberations soon.
We turn now to the set of tangent points on the graph.
Inside the lobby, people were standing around, talking excitedly.
The flame was simply of a different kind.
There's no other way.
It was someone on his staff.
You don't hate me any more?
This area is highly susceptible to infection.
Then an ambulance comes along.
You can imagine that he got pretty good service.
Where was Muller waiting with the rifle?
It would be such a relief.
Two of our men were killed, a third was wounded.
Those who stayed had to pass tests.
Okay, come on.
Without monitoring, a military hookup becomes a noisy party.
No comparable reductions in the cost of nuclide radiation are foreseen.
Scotty watched with disinterest.
They're going to louse me up good.
You're the one that's taking the big chance.
Once we get over the mountains, others will come along.
Said she, "I'm strong, too."
Where there is a victim, there is a killer.
Mr. Justice Black led a reversing majority.
I'm telling you.
Many large corporations operate their own formal training programs.
Remember to tell that to the next corpse you meet.
Some forms of capitalism do indeed work.
Matsuo wrenched free and burned the hands into retreat.
Sometimes even the number of syllables is not clear.
Vecchio was nodding and pointing at the large suitcase he held.
Susan halted Dean and kissed him.
You are very brave.
This operation requires from 10 to 12 minutes.
What have you to say to that, Sergeant?
There is no more plot than that.
With any luck at all he could easily find a flowerpot.
Will you please wait in here.
See that wildcat?
The date was June 20th, 1922.
Poet came in, raising his eyebrows appreciatively as he saw Elaine.
They made Jess double over.
You shouldn't have tried to.
What could a blockade accomplish?
The Bonaventure was quivering and lurching like an old spavined mare.
We live down by the Base commissary.
The kid has no manners, boys.
With most of his mind he was happy.
This dirty coward just admitted killing Arbuckle.
Now come, Garry, we must go quickly.
Look alive.
The romantics were the immediate inheritors of this tremendous change.
Just be sure to send your two best boys, Tony.
The real Franco-German frontier was beyond the town's limits.
It did not seem possible that they hadn't been spotted.
She stood frowning and chewing her lip.
The Jap's propeller flew off in pieces.
There was no such thing as an accident.
Only a limited effort has been devoted to this problem.
You go and have a look around for it.
Most of our aid will go to those nearing self-sufficiency.
These factors insure that no single financing formula is feasible.
Success depended upon maintaining her equanimity.
My comments must be briefer than the papers deserve.
What had changed for him
The man had spoken only once.
They were going to follow it for part of their journey.
She said, "do you think you'll miss school?"
On three Fridays the coach has needed a driver.
Jess had had enough.
To him they were one and the same.
Nellie went on with her house work.
Research continues on the very complex spectra of the rare earth elements.
This prohibition on love has an especially poignant relation to art.
It is thus that the brightness of Helen passes through Marlowe's Faustus.
Isn't this Felice's street?
It says 'Police' right on the door.
Law was seen as an emanation of the sovereign will.
Matsuo stood up.
She radiated warmth and good fellowship.
The structure is complete.
Note that there are three trials of interest.
Yet they are written.
The language is the conventional language of the form.
This doctrine was repugnant to my moral sense.
We no longer use the particular terms of Lessing and Victor Hugo.
Without a system of values there can be no society.
With this excuse I have never been much impressed.
It was the wrong thing to say.
She was also stone deaf in her right ear.
Nor did they care.
True, ideas are important, perhaps life's most precious treasures.
Mike snatched a pistol from the heap of scattered booty and fired.
Only the strong look squarely at weakness.
She studied it for a long time.
Many factors contributed to the growth of the European movement.
She wanted to hang around while I was eating.
One less shouldn't matter to him.
Sorry, Orville.
We'll go to the storehouse.
There was no cover here, only grass sighing against pant-legs.
Mercer turned away.
Those are the nectaries or honey glands.
This grew into the song Big Time Comin'.
Trichrome stains failed to show fibrosis in the involved muscles.
Jack scanned the skies, the boards, and the skies again.
We haven't slept together since we started.
What now?
The special guard, however, was still posted on the bridge.
Who knew, Angie might not last long.
Traffic was pretty heavy.
In many communities there is simply no financial problem.
The car was now in sight.
The latter looked backward upon inherited deficiencies.
I've got to get the boy.
The dust-thick saliva came from his mouth like balled cotton.
Underneath him the sea was a dark and muddied gray.
You could burn down this whole mountainside with a fire that size.
Needless to say, any such inference would be quite unwarranted.
We did our job.
Now, let's go.
It was all Greg had time to see.
These were heroes nine feet tall to him.
That place is crawling with Bill Doolin and his gang.
To learn what we do is the first step for improvement.
No one had screamed.
No turns.
Let's get inside.
That was a fun one.
Mike only said, "Later."
In a way, he couldn't blame her.
Shayne nodded grimly.
She wanted desperately to see someone she had known back there.
What killed them?
You'll never believe the places I've been today.
Why, that's his main reason for making the dive.
Out of this re-created literalness, the Cubist subject reemerged.
Within two weeks Warren was ringing the bell at the abbey gate.
The large acreage in the Southwest Redevelopment area beckons white people.
That's an idea.
This latter reaction is in accord with the decomposition of F.
No airplanes, no Nathan Hale statements.
That is exactly what I'm hoping for.
There was just too much time.
Madden settled back to read the will.
Tell me what this is all about.
With her sharp tongue she'd have cut his pompousness to ribbons.
We would write to one another and make a definite plan.
The velocity value used is also open to some question.
Its windows glowed with lamplight.
The deputy had forced him to by his manner of accosting him.
Mike crawled to the door and peered in.
The police have them now.
Temporary abstention, i.e., postponement, is one thing.
There's water in the house.
The car was approaching fast.
Look, an old man.
There would be side-conclusions to be drawn, of course.
We can die, too.
Students develop occupational images.
Let me tell you what happened to me today.
What's wrong with him?
Take off, fly-boy!
This completes the proof of statement A.
Sure, Andy, it'll be all right.
Those who had slickers donned them.
We ran out of money and we haven't eaten for two days.
Plans are on pages 22 and 23.
Woodruff's strategy had been immensely successful.
Its value was F from the above data.
Now the problem is presented piecemeal and sometimes contradictorily.
This sort of petty vigilance annoyed me.
Sherman could never be accused of sticking too long with the old.
Whatever you say.
Through the door, he had seen Mr. Jack walking around.
Other examples follow.
We'll see you around later.
The world desperately needs the United Nations.
The buddies invariably took advantage of him.
No one saw Stacy leave.
To this meek conjugation Nicolas had replied, "OK I can use it."
Take your time with your drink.
Wide windows with many small leaded panes swept across the upper stories.
They quote about the same mass threshold as that of the US.
This was equivalent to 20 J on a 24-hour basis.
The mudwagon had caught fire also.
The ideal girl is possessed of talent, poise, and intelligence.
Well, we're taking a little vacation, that's all.
There must be some water under there.
The pain dulled as he moved, and he steadied inside.
They move only in accordance with what is in their natures.
These members would then unthaw the rest of the personnel.
That's all I ask.
Siberia spoke Icelandic.
We want to know the number of people going to the mountains.
Shouldering the load he peered from the door.
The details of the removal process are shown schematically in Figure 6.
You don't seem to know much about reality.
Necessary retouching was put on at once.
Otherwise, we hold a reception.
She looked more like twenty-five or six.
One thing we haven't discussed is expense money.
It places certain values at least beyond questioning and tampering.
It was frustrating.
You're right about the fire.
It rests the tissues.
Please get that in your reports.
No one had prayed.
Scotty was pleased.
The epic language was not entirely the servant of the poet.
It's Ben Arbuckle we're going to talk about.
The name inside the envelope was Cynthia.
The past I leave to historians.
You would drive us into shame, he declared.
There was a tiny pip on the radar.
It is really the funeral day of scholastic science.
It was blackmail and the clerk knew it.
The dark brown bombs hanging under each wing looked large and powerful.
It failed to work.
The distances of the constellations did not vary.
What for?
It made no difference that most evidence points to an opposite conclusion.
It took him about fifteen minutes to calm himself.
She finally regained her balance and got up in the saddle.
The wagons were burning fiercely.
Now he has abandoned all that to be a writer.
Will you be coming back soon?
Surely now his beloved son could rest in peace.
Maybe they will take us.
She had been sent to the wrong place for duty.
She had to escape.
Wait until my shot.
There was nothing he could do but wait.
Is it worth the cost and the risks?
Roberta and Dave began to back toward the door.
If he is a traditionalist, he is an eclectic traditionalist.
It was a high mark for Mama.
Was the man drunk or crazy or both?
Results of irradiation tests with poultry have been quite successful.
She looked at him
Who told you to do it?
Something had to be done.
Something pulled my leg.
Of the three volumes, Blenheim is easily the best.
That's why I beg you not to forget him.
They neither gained nor fell back.
We can, however, maximize its expected value.
The burial was out in Riverside Cemetery.
It was only then that he turned to look at Penny.
She kept the dolls on the Lincoln bed.
They should live in modest circumstances, avoiding all conspicuous consumption.
Yes, those could be commodities under this concept.
Make a ninety degree straight for shore.
This explained a great deal.
Men crowded the streets and freight rigs and teams were moving about.
Volume 1 was completed in 1941 and published in 1944.
There is also the problem of the respondent's frame of reference.
Porous metals should be usable in principle.
The Gortonists were charged with blasphemy and tried for their lives.
Still, he felt better.
Try to find these Feds.
In 1951, Henry D. Sharpe, Jr. succeeded his father.
Only incomplete, imperfect things move towards what they lack.
Why won't you accept facts?
The streets in the colored section were dirty.
It's my drying out time.
Why go on?
The two women babbled and crooned at him.
Why pick me for your patsy?
It was all my fault.
You can't build on your hit-and-miss five-seventeen.
In 1936 he decided to migrate to America.
Where is that?
It changes and develops according to the text.
In both respects, international law was Europeanized.
Measurements of skins are of little value.
Looks like we might be in for a speck of trouble.
Shall we take them all with us, or leave one?
Nor could he call up memory-pictures of close friends or relatives.
Markets should become more competitive as consumers become more selective.
It's too elaborate.
Our rolling volley swept most of the other riders from their mounts.
There are several possible sources.
What exactly are we trying to prove?
Penny lowered her eyes.
Russ pointed upward.
Meanwhile spring had passed well into summer.
Six red lines etched their way into the gray and vanished.
Would you mind sending him up here?
She is grotesque, a disturbing parody.
Sure, they're giving up hope.
Nothing's broken that can't be mended.
There's nothing for you here.
There are a lot of people waiting to see you.
Russ sprang through to bat it nimbly aside.
Senator Royal S. Copeland was wearing the robes of Santa Claus.
Simple elongation has been treated in detail.
You could try.
Scotty shrugged slightly.
Your sister-in-law has the faro bank.
Junior Digby heaved a deep ethereal sigh.
Yes sir.
Well, then who brought it?
They seemed to be at the White House half the time.
Later they would be hoisted into place.
Love is the crucial dilemma of experience for Mann's heroes.
We are very proud of it.
The outside 4-inch space is filled by mortaring blocks on edge.
That's a new land.
Motive is a part of fact.
We're going to get married.
They walked toward each other.
There's someone there I have to see.
It's ten dollars either way.
It was dirty and neglected.
In his opinion, Doc had not grown up.
There they stayed.
What do you feel?
In due time Sandburg was a walking thesaurus of American folk music.
Their meeting in Painter's office this evening.
Take the pistol.
The temperature then is still very high.
Mr. Justice Black was one of the minority.
One white hand poised a stick above his desk.
On the way I gave him the scoop.
When he was answered, he said, "Albert? This is Vince."
Space probes have yielded little information.
Remember what happened to Gruller.
The waspish man stepped forward.
Lauren had left the party early.
You see what I mean?
It is an organized system of these things.
There isn't much time.
They finished the small bottle of Steinhager.
There was no hurry.
It could have been an accident.
Well, it has to happen.
Tragedy presumes such a configuration.
The New England conscience became desensitized.
Then he would yawn and stretch and shout.
We opened on Friday and closed the following Monday.
She was watching a tree ride wildly down that roiling current.
The stockade was brilliantly lighted and the guerrillas sighted him.
Something heavy shook the floor as it dropped.
Vastly relieved, Summers nodded and started toward the door.
This difference is readily clarified by referring to Table one.
If payment is by cash, you should ask for a receipt.
Scotty said,"okay."
The pathetic evidence is no longer before us.
The marine tried to roll on his right side, and moaned.
What would a Cuba blockade take?
In tragedy, lightning is a messenger.
That suite is taken.
The other was a shallow concave gradient.
It is for growing closer.
Now, I don't want to go into any more explanations.
Perhaps.
One White House dog was immortalized in a painting.
There was no longer any need to hide.
Whatever you tell him he will dive.
We can help in the planning process.
In general, any outcome we choose may be labeled success.
She smiled in a sickly-tolerant fashion.
We can conceive of no alternatives.
This seems naive.
Will you play with us again, Miss Langford?
See figure seven.
This explains some group ends and provides a justification of their primacy.
Worn through at the knees.
Once again he moved among them like a father.
We stepped inside.
It is strange.
No one hurried.
Yet there was some precedent for it.
The top of the sample was nearly flat and the bottom hemispherical.
Then it is a matter of pleasure.
They used pink, tan, or cream powder.
Is there any other time in which a man can live?
They have dropped the case.
This reasoning was also as inevitable as anything could be.
It bothered her that she probably would never know.
It gave Curt time to stagger to his feet.
Religion fosters group life in various ways.
The result was that the plaintiff's case was dismissed.
Nerves tight as a bowstring, he paused to gather his wits.
Now, see here!
Let me stay and take the pictures you wanted, Mamma.
Someone had taken it during her first day at Honotassa.
Telephone poles lined the road.
Okay, what happened?
In his office, Mr. Holden replaced the phone slowly.
It was for love that he had served the Navy.
Similar orders were given to the Maryland militia.
The eyes followed him fearfully.
We need joint chiefs of a political general staff.
Sarah found the right key and unlocked the door.
The line is a pretty good one.
On the basis of the facts.
In the apartment itself, all was still.
The water was deep and Brownlow took his troopers across naked.
They were going to town, and they were both excited.
Pamela shook her head.
She was all he had, everything he had.
There are also more basic problems.
Where to, sir?
More than 2000 copies have been sent out to prospective clients.
Pamela was glad Jim was nowhere near.
Now he was going to show how much he knew.
Send out a pickup on Mrs. Mason and the boy.
Then I saw the father's head slightly turn.
Perhaps it was all a vividly conceived dream.
My heart almost stopped beating.
This is less than the length of a jet runway.
It reached Donald Kruger in his massive home in Burlingame.
The cult of adjustment does exist.
The heavens opened, pelting them with hail the size of walnuts.
It had been shut again, but the lock was broken.
Madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund.
It was burning away, forgotten.
Then I asked, what does that teach you?
They are held in control by force, but barely.
They are the essential force behind the conventions of tragedy.
Mr. Brown was not himself its inventor.
She had come to a decision.
Ramey saw sunlight touch the curly blonde hairs on the brown skin.
The Warren Telegraph stated that many of Trafton's remarks were inappropriate.
What else was there to say?
Rachel said that schools and synagogues occupied most of the buildings.
You came well equipped to die.
Why can't I leave her locked up in the tool crib?
We were back on the road.
Will you wear pink when you're sixty?
In the center of his brilliant curls sat a small black skullcap.
It's awkward.
The half-breed didn't answer this time.
Instead of kicking feet, Helva's neural responses started her wheels.
Utopian communism applies to all Utopians.
The private eye is therefore a moral man.
Make the man put them in if he has to.
It was the prowl car from the sheriff's office.
If she could have blushed, she would have.
Their names are Harris and Geely.
With a roar of pain and fury, Jess made his attack.
It had headed back toward Jarrodsville.
Roberta glanced up at her husband.
Mrs. Williams was both sullen and frightened.
This will help him to get out of his little tackle shop.
She said, "Barney, why is he keeping me here?"
It was the marine.
Tell her to hurry.
No one has come.
Miss Estherson called twice.
It was absurd and dramatic.
Such a group of thermometers was obtained and calibrated.
This is the real protagonist of the drama.
Thinking had stopped.
It didn't seem to tell her anything.
The springs have an extension of one inch at F tension.
You must understand.
Owen found Buzz watching chuck-a-luck.
What is it really?
Japan did something to a man.
There was a ragged volley.
The Earthmen made camp outside the spaceship.
Warm clothing and bedding, of course, are essential.
The idea of the march pleased her.
The pilot had been good.
We'll wait till you're stronger and then talk about it.
She passed by him.
Why does everything have to happen to me?
Somebody might mistake you for a woman.
Poets, moreover, dwell on human passions.
Modern warfare was born in this campaign.
Montero's shot had caught him high in the chest.
They did not speak much.
Nothing to lose, either, Spencer.
The modernization of these forces is a costly but necessary process.
Where'd you say you were born?
Mrs. Calhoun has been society editor here for twenty-five years.
Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about morals.
My aunt raised me.
There are about 200 different kinds of Andrena in Europe alone.
It might even work.
Yes, I heard it in the news.
What would happen if he changed horses in midstream?
Why single me out on this permit deal?
There is a complete synonymy at the beginning of each species description.
You look quite strong and healthy to me, Dandy.
This one came a bit high at thirty thousand or more.
She reached Pearson City at nine p.m.
Marty looked helplessly in both directions.
She said gently, "Of course I remember you."
The manager of the motel was a woman who apparently didn't care.
I've been here for some time.
Twigs cracked loudly under her feet.
It was almost one and I hadn't had lunch.
We are ready for your next mysterious assignment, said Mr. Baer.
When rapid quenching follows melting, impact glasses may result.
The startled horses began rearing on their tethers.
It comes and goes.
They dragged him inside the building.
She was young, but not that young.
Presently he heard footsteps crossing the yard, and Jess's smothered curses.
Yes, indeed.
Perhaps it was Dora May.
That was one of the things she liked about Stanley.
Subways improved land values without taking away land.
We have nothing to hide under a bushel.
There was also one spontaneous abortion during the semester.
It hadn't started out that way.
Rachel had seen me watching the young man.
Soak up local color.
The ship always chose its own partner.
These letters became the center of my existence.
It was a strained, silent lunch.
Who is the owner?
Volume 1 containing Parts 1 and 2 was published in 1951.
This was one of the Navy's crossroads.
The public minus the public leaves the so-called sophisticated element.
Of course, it looked like an accident.
Then China promptly went Communist, and Mr. Truman had to fight.
Mr. Crosson's been on everybody's neck.
We are Assistant District Attorneys.
The publication form is that of clothbound books.
Plenty of people haven't our brains and talent.
The girl smiled, and started forward.
What about Royal Robards?
It could not really be fulfilled.
In the regular sections they have always been more or less discouraged.
We'd be in real trouble then.
She raised a protesting hand with a startled air.
Nor does Carl reject this identity.
The pain in itself was neutral, but unfortunately the rabbit died.
Not even an empty cartridge case could be found.
The bed isn't made, but you'll find plenty of blankets there.
She'll relish the sight of a friendly face.
Its form was a heavy figure in a fluttering soutane.
The maximum distance sampled was twenty-three miles from the source.
When they got to Shillong, in Assam, he was happy.
Why had I registered?
I've got to get busy.
Scotty said, "that's all right."
So I can hear you while I'm checking the car.
This favorite grievance was not the landlord.
Part of the family should be sleeping while the rest is awake.
Not right away.
Was there time?
Sometimes, although by no means always, these are indeed alkaline.
What shall we do with this one?
They were far off and looked tiny.
Next morning, they moved on again.
It will turn out all right.
Yes.
She decided to risk it.
Sweeney Blue, hit the deck.
The strength of the History is also its weakness.
There's no need to say anything at all to the old woman.
Now start talking.
There was little chance anyone would enter this shaft during the winter.
Under their rule, earth becomes a technological utopia.
They followed the others toward the east gate.
She had been in Japan just one week.
They grew louder as the Indians charged again.
They stared at him.
It could have been Bari or Chieti for the way it smelled.
We keep getting the same ones back again and again.
Vince watched him.
If mankind could be convinced of that, it was worth trying.
Really, Winston.
There is no justification for such misrepresentation.
Tell her Curt Adams wants to see her.
Somehow he talked Spencer into letting him use another name.
Resolved that the anti-slavery sentiment is becoming ripe for resolute action.
You'll have trees again.
You've not had your breakfast yet, gran'dad.
There had been nothing evil or dirty in his intentions.
So much for all that.
That tub is going to explode all at once.
This will be covered more fully later.
Who is older now?
The pain of the rabbit was not itself bad.
That cold, empty sky was full of fire and light.
Through all these years, Mrs. Sandburg has pointedly avoided the limelight.
Large area coverage will accomplish all other tasks.
That'll be plenty to eat.
They realized the truth.
She was only ten months older than he.
Mines, big ones and little.
Others admitted he was absolutely correct.
Nathaniel Morton stated he was deeply leavened with blasphemous and opinions.
Nothing, however, could be farther from the truth.
The roof shown here is a 6-inch slab.
The car drew up alongside him and stopped.
They were shattered.
You'll get in the office building here.
Let the savages kill each other.
None of his movements was tentative.
They won't even let you in the front door.
Roosevelt acted as moderator of the long debate on this issue.
She must have been walking in her sleep.
You don't eat enough, honey.
It will be very cold.
The soft snow was deceitful underfoot.
When I fell on my back, I saw a vulture hovering.
On an impulse, she turned back and said, "Good morning."
The polyester urethane foam is generally produced with adipic acid polyesters.
The skirmishing was almost constant.
The jug stayed at the hospital.
Yet Alfredo wanted money to roam through the deserts.
The boy licked his dry lips.
Improve food and cover on one million acres of key wildlife areas.
That's to say, he was trigger happy.
There's not much to shoot, but there are a few pheasant.
Lincoln was sure that he would not be re-elected.
These included, as one, Mr. and Mrs. Anthony Payne.
You don't have to get nasty.
I'm talking about the grand manner of the Liberal.
Tillman closed the door behind him and walked towards the fire.
The question of epidemic disease merits some discussion.
It was mighty good for the old man to get out again.
No one seemed to hear him, no one heeded.
Remembering his own thirst, Matsuo took out his water bottle.
They appeared to be the enemy.
They will give suggestions that can be worked up into field procedures.
Matthew B. Goodwin, jeweler and watchmaker, became the first secretary.
The warped, broken trees in the valley assumed wraith-like shapes.
When the neon sign faded out, the shadow disappeared.
Maybe there isn't.
One instrument thus would serve both purposes.
It wasn't there.
Then he was on his way at a gallop.
You aren't exactly the model of a surveyor, you know.
No trouble.
To the Republicans no victory could have been more complete.
Tim's disappeared.
Your past history is resplendent with the fruits of the intellect.
J. A. C. Robertson, after serving Gross one week, left.
The latter's real descendents were unable to take root in England.
You do that or take you out a permit right now.
She stayed away for ten days.
Put down the cup of coffee.
Waddell turned to face him.
Nellie Harris wasn't old, she was ancient.
These theoretical relationships are more clearly illustrated in Figure 7.
It doesn't matter.
The marine shut his eyes.
That halted the rush.
Zinc cadmium sulfide in 2-micron particles were disseminated.
The sound was coming nearer.
There's not much breakfast this morning.
Mr. Wolfe had been in declining health for many years.
The bartender winked back at him and palmed the bill.
Morgan took the suggested steps.
She sat quietly, staring at me from the wide eyes.
Mitch Barton knew the place.
The positivist theory would here distort our meaning beyond recognition.
Whether he sang well or badly had nothing to do with it.
You'll have some joy in the life of this city.
There is no necessity, I suppose.
You're going to be a regular.
Their work was lonely.
So instead I come up.
Meredith began falling in love.
It circled her thighs, exploring with its icy tentacles.
It was secured by an oversized padlock.
It promises to be the most prosperous year in our history.
Let's go get the boy.
There never were two fames alike.
One thing was becoming increasingly sure.
What a beautiful room!
This is true also of a painter like Jackson Pollock.
It's out in the Northeast section.
They played crack the whip a few minutes without mishap.
Not again so soon.
The oxen might as well enjoy it.
You can't touch him.
Some telephoned because he had done them a favor in the past.
She seemed irritated.
Outside, his brother Harry was waiting for him.
We can soon tell.
Persons developed in today's corporations cannot hope to serve here.
Nothing could make it necessary to proclaim it to the whole world.
Nor were his manners barbaric.
Mrs. Meeker hadn't struck him as ready to seek anyone's advice.
It was a terrible thing to do.
The sergeant froze.
It's all over Branchville.
The males are much duller.
They tracked mud on the oaken floor and on the carpet.
These shapes might have been mad, but there was no telling.
Now there's nothing left of me.
The police chief shook his head.
The many-bodied girl lay near him.
Too bad the marine had no water.
The door was locked.
You shall see her at dinner.
Maude suddenly looked quite capable of pouring it down her throat.
Then at last the darkness began to dissolve.
What had happened?
It was his only sanctuary.
The bomb was a solitary one.
On the way I'll give you the scoop.
