Identify all of the diesel powered ships in the arctic ocean.
Why don't we have freighters from Germany?
Find all the steam turbine powered craft with a draft less than eleven yards.
Don't we have any tugboats with an economic speed of twenty five knots?
What is the number of American hovercraft?
Why do we have oilers that are gas turbine powered with a width of forty feet?
Show the cruise liners employed by Burks with a beam larger than twelve yards.
Tell us the coal powered freighters south of San Diego.
For what reason will Reddy's cruise liner carry conventional cargo?
Who is the Constellation's skipper?
Monitor oilers with an average speed greater than sixty kilometers per hour.
Where is the solar powered barge owned by Lerner?
Print the German tankers in Diego Garcia.
Who is the Campbell's owner?
Print out the French barges owned by Green.
For what reason is Miller the cook of the ranger?
List Carbonell's tugboats closest to the Cook Islands.
Redisplay steamers with a cruising speed less than forty-five miles per hour.
Why can't the French luxury liner near Canada change cargo resource status?
Select the hovercraft east of the Philippine Sea.
Retype all of the liners with a maximum sustained speed below thirteen knots.
Check any carriers located north of the Pacific Ocean.
Relist any of the cruise liners employed by Hauptmann.
What is the freighter that is west of New Zealand?
Get me the tanker that has an equipment resource code of b8.
What are the oilers that expect a system readiness status of b7?
Don't all carriers have a maximum sustained speed less than forty five knots?
Report the fuel capacity of the African Queen.
Show the destinations of the ships carrying cars.
Won't all of the hydrofoils have nuclear cargo?
Display the position of the Ajax.
Why won't the luxury liners have an engine maintenance status of b1?
Find the fuel capacities of all the vessels loaded with automobiles.
Tell me the positions of all of the craft transporting cargo.
Do we have any boats employed by Alleva that are carrying bananas?
Tell us the displacements of any boats that are carrying freight.
Why can't Hauptmann's hovercraft report a b0 system readiness status?
Type out the destination of the Apollo.
What is the Constant's i.d. ?
Get me the registry of the Caine.
List the remarks of any of the freighters that are loaded with nuclear cargo.
Repeat the fuel level on the Arkansas.
What are the i.d.'s of the hovercraft with an engine readiness code of b8?
What is the Confidence's home port?
Monitor the fuel levels of the oilers that are transporting conventional cargo.
Print out the profit figures of Hayes's barges from Germany.
What are the home ports of the steamers with a cargo readiness status of b9?
Relist the reports of John's tugboats with a width above fourteen feet.
Print the latitudes and longitudes of the tankers that are carrying passengers.
Who is the mate of the luxury liner located in the Philippines?
Type the identifications of Heibert's lighters.
What is the Downes's width in meters?
Who is the physician aboard the carrier from Germany?
Is O'Neill the first mate of the ship?
Type out the American tugs with an equipment maintenance rating of b4.
Read the locations of Howell's tugs from France.
Print the Horne's gross displacement in long tons.
Why are the beams of the boats from France larger than seventeen meters?
Don't all the tankers have a beam larger than nineteen meters?
For what reason won't the cruise liners have a max speed of forty kilometers per hour?
Redisplay the Cleveland's remark.
Isn't Reddy the engineer of the French vessel located in the Southern Pacific?
Why is Pierce the owner of the Roanoke?
Are the widths of all ships in the Bering Strait less than sixteen feet?
Select the Columbia's latitude and longitude.
For what reason is the Constellation b8 on equipment readiness code?
Add up the German barges loaded with containers owned by Bisiani.
What if the hydrofoils changed system maintenance code from b9 to b0?
Why is the width of the carrier which is transporting containers nineteen feet?
Is the cargo readiness code of the Yankee b0?
Give me the flags of the hydrofoils with a length below seventy meters.
Isn't the maximum sustained speed of the Vancouver below twenty five miles per hour?
Why is the Apollo sailing to the Great Australian Bight from home port?
How many boats were b0 on equipment resource rating?
What if the coal powered cruise liners were north of the Pacific Ocean?
Type all the British lighters with a max speed above thirty five knots.
For what reason is Venus's max speed less than fifty five kilometers per hour?
Display all of the vessels transporting corn.
Retype the Bounty's profit figure.
Why is Tomita the physician of the boat loaded with containers?
For what reason is the system maintenance rating of the African Queen b5?
Check the report on the Brooke.
Why aren't the drafts of the British freighters more than eighteen feet?
Is the draft of the Pluto close to ten yards?
For what reason aren't the tugs destined for Canada from the Eastern Pacific?
Where are the British barges destined for?
List the Hector's maximum sustained speed in miles per hour.
Who is the engineer of the Dixon?
Print out the Jason's displacement in metric tons.
Tell me all of the diesel propelled boats near San Francisco.
Show me the width of the hydrofoil that is in the United States.
Why isn't Peters the mate of the Sacramento?
Aren't the lengths of all vessels that are steam turbine propelled greater than ninety yards?
What if the carriers that are carrying corn were from Mexico?
Get me the flag of the California.
Who is the Denver's captain?
Report the Dunlap's length in feet.
For what reason is the tug employed by Brown below the southern Pacific?
What if the Downes downgraded system maintenance rating from b7 to b5?
Display the draft of the steamer employed by Jones.
Repeat Cole's hydrofoils carrying passengers.
Type out the Prairie's owner after August twentieth nineteen eighty six.
Isn't the maximum sustained speed of the Vancouver below twenty five miles per hour?
Count all boats that were located south of the Sea of Japan during this month.
Give me a list of tugs from France that report an engine resource code of b1.
Why isn't Sears Morgan's owner?
Let me see the Worden's draft in feet four days ago.
Could the American boat have an engine readiness rating of b5?
Retype the locations of all oilers that are near the Gulf of Mexico on Thursday.
Relist the Taft's gross displacement in long tons yesterday.
Relist the identifications of all of the tankers that are south of home port on Saturday.
Who was the captain of the Yankee on January second nineteen eighty six?
Aren't the oilers from Mexico steam turbine powered?
Get me the Vancouver's fuel capacity in liters two days ago.
Select the lengths of all of the ships located near the Straits of Gibraltar until last year.
Where are the American ships that are loaded with bananas?
Give me a list of the steamers near the United States after May twenty ninth.
Why isn't Williams Patterson's captain?
Show me the Morgan's engine resource rating this year.
What if the luxury liners were b5 on equipment maintenance code?
Didn't the Constellation have a draft around ten yards on November thirteenth?
Let me see the ships that were owned by Williams after June sixth.
What if the hydrofoils changed system maintenance code from b9 to b0?
Show me the Citrus's displacement.
Monitor the vessel that was located in the Straits of Gibraltar on April sixteenth nineteen eighty six.
Why isn't the barge destined for the North Atlantic?
Redisplay the Constant's latitude and longitude before Monday.
Aren't the steam turbine propelled tankers located in the Yellow River?
I want to see the id's of every hydrofoil below Western Samoa today.
Report the Brooke's max speed now.
Give me the tugboat with a gross displacement greater than one thousand tons.
Can't all of the French vessels have a cargo readiness rating above b1?
Recount all of the luxury liners that were located west of the Arctic Ocean yesterday.
Tell us the Cleveland's fuel capacity on Wednesday.
Isn't the engine readiness status of the boat transporting wheat b3?
Which steamer has a displacement below six thousand tons?
List the system readiness codes of the hovercraft above American Samoa since last year.
What is the Texas's fuel capacity in liters today?
Type the Jupiter's fuel capacity in gallons.
Count the number of hydrofoils with a system readiness rating of b2.
Where is the lighter from France enroute to?
Get me Smith's oiler that reported a b9 cargo maintenance status this year.
What if the Hector were steam turbine propelled?
Monitor the fuel levels of every craft west of the Red Sea before Friday.
Why aren't the carriers owned by Carrington b6 on cargo readiness status?
Tell me the max speed of the tugboat owned by Lehmann.
Are all the lighters from Germany  close to the Gulf of Alaska?
I want to see the Manhattan's engine readiness rating this month.
Relist all oilers that were steam turbine powered.
For what reason isn't Richie Manhattan's skipper?
Show me the width of the hydrofoil that is in the United States.
Why is the California above the West Atlantic?
Repeat the mate aboard the Pigeon today.
Can all barges south of the Yellow River have an engine resource code of b2?
Redisplay the widths of all the cruise liners located in French Polynesia since January nineteenth.
Aren't all of the hovercraft from Mexico east of the Atlantic Ocean?
Show the beam of the England.
How many of the hydrofoils are loaded with automobiles?
Report the Vancouver's first mates until September ninth.
Who was the skipper aboard the Worden before April fourth?
For what reason aren't Carbonell's ships b7 on system maintenance rating?
Tell us the captains aboard the Pluto during February fourteenth nineteen eighty six.
Is the steam turbine propelled freighter b5 on engine maintenance code?
Check all of the freighters that were close to the Bering Strait last month.
Don't all the boats carrying wheat have a length below eighty five yards?
Couldn't the Hayes's vessel change system resource status to b5 on February fifteenth?
Find the number of ships that were located close to Diego Garcia before Tuesday.
Tell us the Fresno's cruising speed in kilometers per hour.
How many of the barges are south of San Diego?
Check the Saturn's max speed in kilometers per hour on Wednesday.
Aren't the displacements of Bisiani's oilers more than three thousand long tons?
I want to see the reports of all the tugs that are north of the eastern Pacific Wednesday.
Display the draft of the steamer employed by Jones.
Isn't Smith Norton's physician?
Retype all the boats that were north of Wake Island last week.
For what reason isn't Taft's average speed greater than thirty five knots?
Get me the remarks of the lighters that are west of Canada Tuesday.
Isn't the beam of the cruise liner owned by Alleva around nine meters?
Display the speeds of the vessels south of the Ross Sea today.
Doesn't the Wilson have a max speed greater than thirty five miles per hour?
Where is the tugboat that is coal powered sailing to?
Could the McDowell's lighter transport wheat before July seventeenth nineteen eighty seven?
Is the length of the Sample greater than eighty meters?
Show me the gas powered carriers east of Honolulu that are loaded with corn.
Find the Fox's average speed in knots.
Type the engineer aboard the Ranger until July nineteenth.
Why is the Bounty b9 on engine resource status?
Redisplay Stern's boat that was transporting conventional cargo yesterday.
Can the steam turbine powered ship carry bananas?
Report the Mercury's equipment maintenance status last month.
Let me see the drafts of the ships near the USA.
Can't the luxury liner employed by Lehmann upgrade system readiness code from b4 to b3 on June seventeen?
For what reason is the Constellation b8 on equipment readiness code?
Sum up Tomita's steamers that expect an average speed of thirty knots now.
Retype the Pluto's speed in miles per hour today.
Isn't McDowell the skipper of the Prairie?
Why are the fuel levels of the barges equal to eight hundred gallons?
Show me a list of coal powered steamers which are transporting grain.
Isn't the Cleveland gas turbine propelled?
I want to see the England's home port Thursday.
Type out the Linus's fuel level in gallons.
For what reason aren't the tugs destined for Canada from the Eastern Pacific?
Print the first mate of the Sacramento on May seventeenth nineteen eighty six.
Sum up Davis's barges west of the Philippine Sea until October seventh.
Print out the Pigeon's engine maintenance code during this year.
Give me the Downes's remark today.
Aren't the ships located in Honolulu transporting nuclear cargo?
Who is closest to Diego Garcia?
Let me see the Horne's cargo resource code this week.
What ships have a speed greater than twenty five knots?
Let me see the flags of all of the steamers that are closest to the South China Sea Sunday.
Print out the roanoke's physicians since June eighteenth.
Whose freighter was b1 on cargo readiness status?
Read the craft that were loaded with nuclear cargo today.
Is the gross displacement of the Wilson below two thousand metric tons?
Type the Prairie's system maintenance status before this week.
Will the diesel propelled hydrofoil be b9 on equipment resource status?
List any solar propelled boat.
What was Scott's boat that was gas turbine propelled?
Show me the California's maximum sustained speed this year.
Can't the lighter downgrade cargo readiness code from b3 to b4?
Let me see the home ports of all tugboats that are close to the East China Sea Friday.
Name any ship that reports a cargo maintenance status of b0.
How many of the tugboats are steam turbine powered?
Print the fuel capacities of any boats north of the North Atlantic on Saturday.
Why are the British hydrofoils sailing to the English Channel?
Count the ships with a b9 system resource status yesterday.
What if the Linus were solar powered?
Report every vessel from Germany that is carrying wheat.
Don't we have any freighters that were located north of Hongkong on Monday?
Let me see the Dunlap's report yesterday.
Can Hiebert's ship expect a b7 engine resource status on March eleventh nineteen eighty four?
Make me a list of Brown's luxury liners located in Pearl Harbor.
Display the owners of the Texas on November eleventh nineteen eighty six.
Is Siegel Neptune's engineer?
Type out the Confidence's position yesterday.
Show the Venus's physicians on October tenth.
Did the Linus have a speed of twelve knots on January twelfth nineteen eighty seven?
I want to see the Titan's beam in yards.
Why couldn't the barge report a b1 system maintenance code?
Repeat the latitudes and longitudes of any freighters that are in the Korean Bay on Tuesday.
Where is the tanker which is coal powered?
Select the cook on the Peoria yesterday.
Show the Meteor's cargo resource rating last year.
What if the Dunlap upgraded cargo maintenance rating to b8?
Are all the freighters with a draft larger than eleven feet coal powered?
Make a list of the vessels that were located in San Francisco on Thursday.
Who were the captains of the African Queen during February?
Name the skipper of the Norton that had a b8 system readiness status last week.
Find the Citrus's gross displacement now.
Tell us the Patterson's engine maintenance rating yesterday.
Why are all of the diesel powered steamers headed for Western Samoa?
Who were the skippers on the Bounty before March third nineteen eighty six?
Monitor the equipment maintenance ratings of the luxury liners that are below the English Channel after last month.
I want to see the Ajax's draft.
Total the lighters east of the Pacific Ocean since September one.
Is the cruising speed of the luxury liner to twenty knots?
Doesn't the Yankee have a width equal to ninety five feet?
Can't Green's vessel report a b4 system resource rating?
What is the Dover's profit figure after Sunday?
For what reason isn't the equipment readiness code of the Ajax b6?
Type out the equipment readiness status of all carriers that are above the British Solomon Islands after last week.
Aren't the French carriers diesel propelled?
Read the positions of all of the freighters close to Norfolk on Sunday.
Let me see the Arkansas's average speed last month.
Why is the cargo rating of the ship south of French Polynesia b1?
Add up Richie's tankers north of the Cook Islands on November eight.
Who is the Casper's first mate?
What if the luxury liners in home port were carrying passengers?
Print the Peoria's cargo maintenance code Monday.
Who is the cook aboard the Dover?
List the skippers on the Sample until March fifteenth.
Type the destinations of all the boats closest to the North Pacific this week.
Can all German ships report a b0 engine resource rating?
Let me see the Mars's system readiness rating last week.
Didn't the Manhattan have a cruising speed of twelve knots on February twentieth?
What if the Fresno were from France?
Find the cooks on the Taft before December twelfth.
Is Brill's steamer south of the Ross Sea?
How many tankers are carrying nuclear cargo?
Why aren't tugboats with a displacement of four thousand long tons loaded with cars?
Show me a list of craft located north of Pearl Harbor during Sunday.
Why is the Confidence carrying corn?
Won't the freighter west of the U.S.A. be b7 on equipment rating?
Sum up Black's oilers.
Select the Denver's location since Wednesday.
Where is the Logan headed for?
Whose hydrofoil is solar propelled?
For what reason is Richards Logan's captain?
Tell me the displacements of the vessels east of the Yellow River this month.
Where is the oiler from France?
For what reason are all the tugboats enroute to the East China Sea?
I want to see the Fresno's flag.
Can the cruise liner employed by Jones be loaded with nuclear cargo until May fourteenth?
Add up every tugboat employed by Lerner that reported a cruising speed of fifty kilometers per hour now.
Is Mccracken the captain of the Pigeon?
Which tug is from France?
Doesn't the Worden have a draft more than eighteen meters?
Total all the French tankers south of the Atlantic Ocean.
Find the Norton's equipment maintenance code now.
Could the ship that is owned by Degraaf report a system resource code of b6 until January eighteenth nineteen eighty seven?
Read the Ranger's width.
Can the tug owned by Rudnicky be loaded with freight?
Show me the Titan's engineers today.
For what reason is the system maintenance rating of the African Queen b5?
Which vessel is near San Francisco?
Tell me the boatswains aboard the Saturn since January thirteenth.
How many of the vessels have an engine maintenance code of b5?
What if the Logan were loaded with conventional cargo?
Display the Neptune's system resource rating yesterday.
Why isn't Weaver the boatswain of the freighter?
Get me a list of lighters with a length less than fifty meters.
How many steamers have a b4 cargo readiness code?
What are the profit figures of all the barges that are east of the Great Australian Bight Monday?
I want to see the Fox's registry.
Do we have any vessels that were located near San Diego until Wednesday?
Name Patterson's captain on Monday.
What if the lighter from Mexico were diesel propelled?
Whose tanker is transporting passengers?
Check the Dixon's identification on Friday.
Tell me the Patrick's cargo readiness rating today.
Don't we have Sanders's hydrofoils in the Southern Pacific on April twenty eighth?
Why won't the luxury liners have an engine maintenance status of b1?
What tugs are from Germany?
Print out the Casper's destination today.
Isn't Sanders Mercury's mate?
Let me see the beams of the ships in the West Atlantic.
What were the tankers that reported a b2 equipment resource code last year?
Count all the vessels that are near the Gulf of Alaska.
What if the England were b4 on system maintenance code?
Find the number of O'Neill's tankers that had a b7 system maintenance status last week.
Whose tugboat has a b3 cargo resource status?
Recount the British tankers.
Don't all the tankers have a beam larger than nineteen meters?
I want to see the Casper's economic speed.
Who was the mate on the Wilson since May fifth nineteen eighty six?
For what reason will the steamer be b0 on equipment readiness code?
Is Weide Peoria's skipper?
Count the number of boats located close to Honolulu on Saturday.
Did the Logan have a draft of thirteen feet before December thirtyieth?
Can't the Howell's freighter be b3 on cargo resource rating before April fifteen?
Give me the Wilson's length in yards.
What if the Manhattan were transporting freight?
Who is b3 on system maintenance code?
Identify Patrick's first mates after last week.
Is the system resource status of the solar powered freighter b4?
Let me see the Hector's id.
Couldn't the ship owned by Cole upgrade cargo maintenance rating to b6?
Isn't the equipment resource status of the Apollo b7?
Get me a list of the tugboats close to the Philippines during June thirtyieth.
Who is the boatswain aboard the cruise liner that is gas turbine propelled?
I want to see the ship that was employed by Weide on July seventh.
What was the number of ships located in the Indian Ocean on Friday?
Could the German tugboat have an engine readiness status of b7?
Let me see McCracken's vessels that reported a system readiness status higher than b5 on August eighth nineteen eighty six.
What barge has a system resource code of b7?
What if the Fox were b3 on engine maintenance code?
Show the Caine's cruising speed last year.
Couldn't all tugboats upgrade cargo maintenance status to b8?
Isn't the Caine near the U.S.A.?
Let me see the barges that expected a cruising speed around twenty knots since October twenty second.
What was the Venus's fuel level in liters three days ago?
Is Rudnicky Mars's first mate?
What if Jupiter's cargo resource status were b2?
Why couldn't the oiler report a b8 system readiness rating?
Total Weaver's carriers in the West Atlantic now.
Where was the Wilson on Ooctober tenth?
Why is Scott Meteor's cook?
Why can't freighters that are near the Ross Sea carry cars?
Isn't the Denver loaded with freight?
I want to see Sears's barge that had an economic speed higher than sixty miles per hour on November twenty third.
Why is Stern Patrick's boatswain?
Is Burks's luxury liner solar propelled?
Why won't the coal powered oilers have an engine maintenance code of b9?
Didn't Miller's tugboat have an maximum sustained speed greater than seventy kilometers per hour on August sixteen?
How many oilers have a b2 equipment readiness rating?
Who is coal powered?
Can't all of the tugs report a b6 system resource code?
Why isn't the engine code of the vessel north of Samoa b2?
For what reason won't the steamers that are gas turbine propelled transport cargo?
Couldn't the lighters from Mexico be b5 on equipment maintenance code?
Identify the Neptune's captain.
Aren't the fuel capacities of the tankers higher than nine hundred gallons?
What if the coal powered cruise liners were north of the Pacific Ocean?
Why aren't any hovercraft from Germany carrying cargo?
Make a list of the cruise liners that were carrying wheat during December twenty fourth.
Why isn't the fuel capacity of the Worden more than three hundred gallons?
Are the German oilers in the Red Sea?
What if Jason's equipment readiness status were b1?
Get me a list of cruise liners that were located east of the Gulf of Alaska today.
Why isn't the economic speed of the Saturn thirty miles per hour?
Are any vessels in Pearl Harbor b4 on equipment resource rating?
Give me the tanker employed by Siegel with a max speed around forty kilometers per hour after September twenty first.
For what reason are all the luxury liners north of the Arctic Ocean?
Why don't we have all of the freighters that reported a b2 engine maintenance code after this week?
Is the Citrus west of HongKong?
Who has a cargo resource code of b6?
Repeat the Roanoke's length.
Why will the carrier be b2 on equipment readiness status?
Could all the British craft downgrade maintenance rating from b2 to b3?
Can't the hydrofoil owned by Pierce be loaded with conventional cargo on september sixteenth.
Is the Brooke enroute to Norfolk from the Korean Bay?
Which oiler has a length equal to ninety feet?
Why won't the tanker transporting conventional cargo change cargo resource code?
List the Columbia's fuel level on Thursday.
Why do we have all the oilers owned by Richards that were transporting corn on December nine nineteen eighty six?
Why isn't the Constant transporting automobiles?
Do we have every vessel owned by Peters with an average speed of eighteen knots this month?
Isn't the Arkansas headed for the Gulf of Mexico?
Why do we have all of the German oilers that expected a maximum sustained speed of nineteen miles per hour this week?
Give me a list of carriers that were located south of the Atlantic Ocean after Tuesday.
Are the speeds of the American craft loaded with grain equal to forty knots?
What is the number of the carriers that reported a b0 engine readiness code before January twenty fifth nineteen eighty six?
What ships are in the Indian Ocean?
I want to see the Campbell's beam.
Show me a list of the hovercraft with a max speed of twenty miles per hour on March twenty seventh nineteen eighty six.
Isn't the Columbia diesel powered?
Count the number of the luxury liners that expect a b1 engine resource code until February twenty sixth.
Sum up Peter's tankers.
Total all the English tankers in the Pacific Ocean.
What if the German vessels were transporting cars?
Who is the captain of the Campbell.
Will the Roanoke have a b9 engine readiness rating?
Report the Bounty's cargo maintenance code monday.
For what reason was the length on every oiler thirteen meters?
Who are the Neptune's skippers?
Display the Neptune's beam.
Select the Casper's fuel level.
Which ship wasn't carrying nuclear cargo?
Read the speeds on any gas tubine powered liner.
Count the number of boats since march twenty one.
Was the Arkansas b0 on engine resource status fifteen weeks ago?
Retype the Taft's displacement during september eighteenth.
Why was every tug located west of the Red Sea?
Redisplay the Columbia's max speed.
Give me the captain on the Constellation.
Display the California's engineer on august twenty second.
Wasn't Richards the boatswain aboard the Jason eighty weeks ago?
Isn't the width on the Ranger one meter?
How many hydrofoils were carrying freight?
I want to see any craft which is from Mexico.
Can the Linus carry grain this month?
Why wasn't the Dunlap loaded with cars thursday?
Tell us the physician of the Saturn.
Repeat the Titan's displacement.
Where is the Morgan until March thirty?
Check the system readiness code of the Vancouver.
What was the Pigeon's beam in meters?
Print the Logan's economic speed.
Sum up the mates of the Columbia.
Where was the Horne on wednesday?
Don't we have the Ajax's boatswains?
Type the African Queen's gross displacement.
I want to see the Hector's fuel level.
Tell me the skippers aboard Jones' luxury liners.
Relist the Constant's width.
Don't we have McDowell's oilers?
Wasn't the fuel level of the Apollo one gallon on saturday?
Couldn't any American lighter carry cargo?
Who expects a b6 system maintenance rating thursday?
Select coal powered boats thursday.
Read the average speed of the Jupiter?
Let me see the Mars' mates on monday.
How many of the ships aren't transporting containers?
I want to see the Arkansas' captains.
Tell us the owners of French hovercraft now.
Read the speeds on any gas turbine powered liner.
Which carrier reports a system maintenance status equal to b3 now?
Identify British tugboats.
How many of the cruise liners are headed for San Diego?
Display the Meteor's skippers after March twenty.
How many oilers are destined for Western Samoa since tuesday?
Recount Carrington's craft.
Show me any German cruise liner.
What barges weren't loaded with corn last month?
Show the system readiness code on the French liner.
Retype tankers on November thirty.
Monitor the Manhattan.
Print out the average speed of Pierces's hovercraft.
Make a list of every British barge one week ago.
Type the Dunlap's owners.
What if the Apollo were located west of the Gulf of Mexico on thursday?
Type the Sacramento's beam in feet this month.
Select the Morgan's cargo readiness status.
Relist the locations of any lighter from Mexico.
Print the Denver's beam in meters.
Isn't the Fox located closest to the Korean Bay?
Isn't Alleva's craft b2 on engine maintenance rating?
Can't the Logan transport nuclear cargo after this week?
Redisplay the gross displacements of any coal powered liner.
Didn't all the barges have a draft of ninety yards?
Who was the Titan's engineer?
Make a list of the Norton's owners.
What ship is coal powered?
Tell us the Neptune's gross displacement in tons.
Who is the first mate on every boat?
Did Miller's hovercraft upgrade cargo readiness rating?
Which tugs have a b2 cargo readiness code?
Who expects a fuel capacity equal to one gallon on friday?
Select the Ranger's beam.
Check the skipper of the Apollo.
Find the Titan's gross displacement last year.
Type out the captains of the Confidence.
Isn't Black the Caine's cook?
Is the Arkansas west of New Zealand?
Whose boat is south of the Indian Ocean?
Could Hauptmann's tug have a b7 system resource rating?
Who expects a b5 equipment maintenance rating?
Monitor any diesel powered hovercraft.
Type the gross displacements on any solar propelled barges.
Get me the fuel levels of any oiler transporting passengers.
Get me the beams of every French oiler.
Why isn't the Mercury carrying automobiles?
Will Hauptmann's tugboat expect a B2 system readiness status?
Tell us the physician of the Pluto.
Which tugs weren't carrying cargo?
Who was b5 on engine readiness status on monday?
Count the Fresno's first mates.
Who are the Cleveland's skippers?
Who has an engine resource rating above b9?
Did the Saturn have a beam of one meter?
Don't we have the Taft's first mates on July thirty one?
Check the Dixon's engine maintenance code tuesday.
Give me every ship north of New Zealand.
Who is closest to the USA?
What boat expects a fuel level of seventy gallons on wednesday?
List the engineer of the England after last month.
Why were coal powered lighters west of San Diego last month?
Let me see the Citrus' mates.
Sum up the cooks on the Roanoke.
