They toiled in the fields all day long.
The angry crowd pushed open the doors.
He left them with a reason to believe in themselves.
The auctioneer accepted the bid.
The yellow rose is the most beautiful of all flowers.
The child lured the rabbit into the cage.
Put the damp towel over your head for protection.
Always look before you leap.
While you were away, we opened the package.
The acrobat walked the tightrope.
He bought a new clock at the Tick-Tock Shop.
She has a twenty percent hearing loss.
She allowed the boy to eat the cookie.
The old hound was unenthused at the sight of the cat.
The owl swooped down upon the mouse.
The photograph proved he was guilty.
A youth has many lessons to learn.
If it never rained, we'd never grow.
Where in the world is the Fountain of Youth?
The handsome wool jacket was an oxford gray.
A cooked yam is a tasty sweet potato.
He recorded a new album with his younger partner.
Take Cloey to the show.
We fell for it hook, line, and sinker.
She won a blue ribbon at the county fair.
He was covered with soot from head to foot.
Are you aware of the good things in life?
Outside, the nights are only colder.
The old woman rocked away the hours.
He had a deep gouge over his left eye.
No one arroused his curiosity like Eunice.
Annoying a wild boar is insane.
Get out before it's too late.
The girl had a collection of wooden dolls.
One is the lonliest number.
The bull chased the clown from the arena.
The thirsty girl rehearsed her lines.
The little pooch wagged his tail.
The hoodlum was full of malice.
Why not make a white oak chair?
You rang?
A loud alarm can be an eye-opener.
We arranged to look at the young animal.
They stashed the loot in the pumpkin patch.
Toast and jam tastes good for breakfast.
The robot was programmed to clean house.
The sauerkraut boiled till it burned.
I am amused at the cowboy's style.
Awhile ago, we knew very little.
Try to remember the joyous occasions.
Is the piano easier than the violin?
Pay a fee to see a play on broadway.
The amoeba either either eats or procreates.
Let's fry oodles of Thai eggrolls every hour.
Julia used to enjoy a coy admiral she met while on a voyage.
The IOU was due yesterday at eight.
Why undo all my output?
How aimlessly you eyed the toy engine.
Go iceskating and build a bon fire below all the swaying trees.
A new antenna actually offers better reception.
I ought to show only the area of the slow oil leak.
She grew ochra over yonder.
Do we throw out the ointment now or later?
No aching back ever kept a compulsive buyer from enjoying a sale.
However embarrassed you are, bow out gracefully.
They were the worst raw oysters they ever ate.
Roy ought to outlaw odious characters.
Mia is making a fondue in her new Amana oven.
Practice the minuet during the piano hour.
Paramesia oozed by our microscope lens.
Go away after the orchestra gets through Aida.
Raw eggs in the afternoon make Dottie ill.
My only employee is Eddie Edwards.
Harriet winked a coy eye at Theo.
My auto is OK in town.
My extremely oily hair now appalls me.
Throw algebra out or reevaluate your curriculum.
May I ask where the show-off put my only extra umbrella.
They allow only aliens to enter on occasion.
Anna offered to auction off the olive afghan.
Let's draw our audience into our laps.
How easy our essay ought to be again!
The crying boy ought to allow all the plowing to be done by Roy Amos.
Say 'ego' again.
Try iodine on the boy over there.
How any agent can stay idle is beyond me.
Put the dough out to rise before the pizza orders flow in.
Use the gray oil can to fix the axle.
Throw any old socks away over there.
How about an allowance every other week?
Clay oozed from the eighty eyelets.
Everyone prefers geometry over algebra any old day.
Being dieters, they ate their ochra often.
Plow Anderson's field only after Asa offers you all the aid you need.
The youngsters enjoy every hour of drama
Kalua and cream made Lisa and Maria awfully awkward.
Hiawatha was so pious, it nauseated him.
Do you know how I saw Italy in three hours?
He ought to let the pup gnaw on the raw apple.
I employ only eighty umpires throughout the year.
"A" before "E" except after "C".
Fabian beat Fay yesterday.
Say "C" three times.
Ray lay in the lea of the rhea.
Wee Willey is way over there.
Kay's keys are gone.
