Hello, is this the office for the conference?
Yes, that's right.
I would like to register for the conference.
Do you already have a registration form?
No, not yet.
I see. Then, I'll send you a registration form.
Could you give me your name and address?
The address is 5000 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 15236.
The name is David Johnson.
I see. I'll send you a registration form immediately.
If there are any questions, please ask me at any time.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Hello.
This is the office for the Conference.
I would like to take part in the conference.
What should I do?
First, you must register with a registration form.
Not yet, please send me a form.
Then, could you give me your name and address?
The address is 12 Grant Street, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 15133.
The name is Judy Simpson.
I see.
Is an attendance fee required?
Yes, $200 dollars per person is required as a registration fee.
I see. Thank you very much.
Hello, is this the conference office?
Yes, that's right. May I help you?
I would like to attend the conference. How can I apply?
Please fill out a registration form. Do you have one?
OK, then I'll send you a registration form.
Would you please give me your name and address?
My address is 114 Beechwood Avenue, Squirrel Hill, Pennsylvania, 15213.
My name is Harry Bovic.
Would you spell your last name please?
It's B-O-V-I-C.
I've got it. I'll send you the form immediately.
Thank you very much. Goodbye.
Hello, this is the conference office.
Could you give me some information about the application fee for the conference?
How much will it cost if I apply for the conference right now?
Well, let's see.  It costs $250 per person.
But if you apply next month, it will cost you $325.
The proceedings and the reception are included in the application fee.
I am a member of the Information Processing Society.
Is there a discount for members?
No, there is no discount this time.
I understand.  How can I pay?
Payment should be made by bank transfer.
Please remit to our bank account which is mentioned in the announcement.
The deadline is the end of the year.
OK, thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Please feel free to ask if there's anything you don't understand, goodbye.
Hello, conference office.
I would like to contribute a paper to the conference.
Would you please tell me the topic of the conference?
This conference covers a wide area of research related to Interpreting Telephony.
We are also expecting linguists and psychologists as participants.
Fine. By the way, what is the official language of the conference?
English and Japanese.
I don't understand Japanese at all.
Is there simultaneous interpretation into English when the presentation is made in Japanese?
Yes, we have simultaneous interpretation service into English.
That would be helpful for me. Thank you very much goodbye.
Conference office.
I would like to know the details of the conference.
Do you have a conference announcement?
No, I don't.
OK, the conference will take place from August 22nd to the 25th at the New York World Trade Center.
The fee for participation is  $500.
If you intend to present a paper, please submit a summary by March 20th.
I'll send the conference announcement to you today.
Would you mind telling me your name and address?
My name is Eric Thompson.
My address is 1412 Smithfield Street, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 15237.
Would you spell your last name for me?
Sure, it's T-H-O-M-P-S-O-N.
OK. Could I have your phone number too?
Yes. 372 8418.
372 8148, is that correct?
No, it's 8418.
372 8418, right?
Yes, it is. Thank you very much, goodbye.
I wonder if you could help me.
I sent in the registration form for the conference.
But I can't attend the conference, so I would like to cancel.
Could you please give me your name?
Yes, this is Dan Cooper from Bell Labs.
Mr. Cooper, you have already paid $400 for your registration fee, haven't you?
Yes, I have.
Is it possible for you to refund the registration fee?
I am sorry we can't.
As noted in the announcement, cancellation after September 27th precludes a refund.
We'll send you the programs and proceedings later.
Will somebody else be able to attend instead of me, then?
Yes, that's all right.
Please let me know in advance who is going to attend instead of you.
Good, I'll let you know when it's decided.  Goodbye.
I've heard that you have a city tour during the conference.
Can we still take part in it?
Yes, you can.
We will visit Heinz Hall, Mount Washington, and the Mellon Museum on the afternoon of August 5th.
Would you like to join us?
How much does it cost?
$35, that includes dinner.
Are the speakers also participating?
Some of them are supposed to.
Then I would also like to go.
OK. Please give me your name and the number of people in your party.
My name is Christopher Ohara.  My wife will be coming too.
Would you spell your first name for me, Mr. Ohara?
Sure, Christopher, C-H-R-I-S-T-O-P-H-E-R.
We'll meet in front of the reception desk.
Please pay the tour fee there when you arrive.
We'll be expecting you.
I have a question about topics in the conference.
Yes, what is it?
There is a topic called Machine Translation in the announcement.
Specifically, what is it about?
I'm sorry.  I'm really unable to answer any technical questions.
The titles of papers to be presented at the conference are printed in the second version of the announcement.
Would you please take a look at it?
Yes, I will.
Please mail me the announcement as soon as possible.
My address is 34 Dayton Drive, Edison, New Jersey, 37814.
My name is John Mathis.
34 Dayton Drive, Edison, New Jersey, 37814, John Mathis, correct?
Yes.
Would you spell your last name for me please?
Sure, it's M-A-T-H-I-S.
I'll send one as soon as possible.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all thanks.  Goodbye.
Can I ask you a few questions?
I would like to contribute a paper to the conference.  How can I apply?
First, you should send us a 200 word summary by March 20th.
The summary will be reviewed here and we will send you a reply by May 20th.
If your paper is accepted, we'll also enclose special forms for your paper.
Please send them back to us by June 30th.
Fine, what kind of form do I have to write the summary on?
We have a special form for the summary. Please fill it in.
Then, we'll send you the application form.
May I have your name and address please?
All right, my name is George VanParis from AI Labs.
My address is 34 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 23415.
Mr. George VanParis from AI Labs, right?
Your address is 34 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 23415.
Is that correct?
Yes, it is. Please send me an application form.
Sure, I'll send it to you  immediately.  Goodbye.
Is this the conference office.
Yes, this is the conference office.  May I help you?
Please tell me how to get to the conference site.
I'm at Station Square now.
Please take the subway to the U.S. Steel building, downtown.
From there there is a bus to the conference center.
Of course, you'll also be able to take a taxi from the downtown area.
How much is it from Station Square to the conference center by taxi?
From Station Square it will cost you about $12.
And how much does it cost from downtown?
From downtown, it will cost you approximately $5.
Not at all.  You're welcome.
I would like to ask you about hotel accommodations for the conference.
Do you have a service that can help me find a place to stay?
Yes, we do.
The hotels we can help you with are the Hilton Hotel and Crystal Hotel.
A single room will cost you from $80 to $110 per night.
A twin room ranges from $95 to $150 per night.
Fine, which hotel is closer to the conference center?
I'm sorry, what did you say?
I said, "Which hotel is closer to the conference center?"
Oh, the Hilton Hotel is closer to the conference center.
Then I would like to make a reservation for the Hilton Hotel.
Can I leave the hotel reservation to you?
Sure. We'll be able to reserve rooms for you at either the Hilton Hotel or the Crystal Hotel.
That's fine.
Well, could you reserve an 80 dollar single room at the Hilton Hotel?
OK. An $80 single room at the Hilton Hotel.  Right?
Yes. That's right.
When will you check in?
The evening of August 4th. Checking out the morning of the 8th.
OK, please wait a moment.
I am going to check to see if there is a vacancy.
Yes, there is. Please give me your name and address.
My name is Joe Bradshaw.
The address is 54 8th Avenue, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 15238.
It's B-R-A-D-S-H-A-W.
And your phone number please?
My phone number is 331 2521.
OK. I've reserved a single room at the Hilton Hotel from August 4th to the 8th.
Thanks very much.  Goodbye.
