Speed skaters sprint to the finish.
Three deathly screams froze the thieves.
Scott scratched his skis traversing the stream.
Chuck shrugged as his truck squeaked to a stop.
Thoughts of thugs flush the faint-hearted.
Swans fly through the sky in graceful vees.
Farmers splice sheaves for easy stacking.
Sunshine sparkles on freshly fallen snow.
The strutting fox squashed the frightened chick.
A deathly hush fell over the square.
The frozen spud failed to sprout.
Scrod swim off cold shores.
Shut the vat for the last time.
Ashley's vote should smash Theo's campaign.
Her aphasia resulted from a seizure.
Closure regions cause confusion.
Zsa Zsa enjoys the azure sky in June.
The treasure was found behind the garage door.
He jumped the hedge and injured himself.
The judge enjoyed his leisure time.
He just gouged the jester.
Jane has jowls.
I just saw G. I. Joe.
Rouge has been used throughout the ages.
Zanzibar is a lovely island off the coast of Africa.
Voodoo influences the lives of superstitious peasants.
A Schick shaver is best for removing facial hair.
She'll choose whomever the association approves.
Susie wears a size five in socks.
Festus vouched for the authenticity of the check.
Thick haze enshrouded the hostile valley.
The czars only foible was his thirst for sweet wine.
Fred's search for salvation sent him to Zen philosophy.
The sergeant shoved the volunteers to the front.
Thoughtful viewers like those types of shows.
Shirley is the zaniest violinist in Ashland.
The shifty huckster fleeced his hapless victim.
The soot showered down the chimney of the haunted house.
Ancient civilizations are most visible through their artifacts.
Persuasion is the art of swaying the sure.
Schuster hoisted the heavy hose to his shoulder.
Sophisticated shysters vie for foolish souls.
Fewer than one thousand votes were needed to defeat the charismatic judge.
Joseph usually avoids the pistachio fudge.
A fuse shattered and the huge house was left in shadows.
The thrush constructs her nest from feathers and pieces of fluff.
His father sold the vase before they realized its value.
Cheech and Chong have unusual voices.
Treasure hunts make me vomit.
The sound of the zither gave Shirley a sensation of deja vu.
The freezer always thaws the food.
Should we rehearse the third scene again?
Heath is a shrub that thrives in the Scottish highlands.
Discussion of Zionism caused him to suffer from ulcers.
The thief dropped his flashlight out of nervousness.
Mother fixed the thatch roof before the thunder and hail struck.
The sound of the horses' hooves thundered through the evening silence.
Thistles and sunflowers are both in the daisy family.
Athena sprang from the head of Zeus.
Every first child gets everything he wants.
Blackbeard siezed the English admiral's flag ship.
This soy sauce has no artificial ingredients or preservatives.
The foul ball sailed over the stadium roof.
Thanksgiving symbolizes the fall harvest feast here in the U.S.
Athletic events jam the TV on Saturday afternoons.
The mazurkas were played with verve and enthusiasm.
Julie hooked a giant of a fish yesterday.
George and Faye are very fond of faraway vacations.
He injured his foot when he slid home.
The theft of the silver sousaphone had the sheriff baffled.
Herschel's visa for South Africa has yet to be approved.
Shoofly pie is a specialty of the Dutch of Pennsylvania.
The suicidal teenager slashed her wrist with a shard of glass.
The sheaves of wheat stood as sentinels in the snowy fields.
