Every cloud has a silver lining.
If not true, it is very ingenious.
No compliments, pray Without ceremony, Without the organ, Without repetition.
A musical composition for seven instruments.
A serenade an evening concert in the open air.
A musical composition for six voices or instruments.
With a strong accent.
With emphasis.
In Sicilian style.
Nice, genial, jolly.
A symphony.
A gradual diminishing of time.
A gradual diminishing of loudness.
It's never too late to mend.
Solfaing system of arranging the scale of music by the names do, re, mi, fa, sol, la, si a voice exercise.
A musical composition of several movements for a single instrument usually the pianoforte.
With or without accompaniment.
A short sonata.
The highest female voice.
Mutes little instruments on the bridge of the violin, deadening the sound.
Terracotta Sighing.
A musical note sustained to its full length, with no break between it and the next note.
On pain of death.
In an undertone, or whisper.
With distinctly separated sounds.
Spirit animation Spirited.
A short, distinct, and pointed style the opposite of legato.
I was well, but I'm all the better for being here.
The same Noise.
The quickening of time.
Acceleration of time.
Not very Quick.
It is so very good that it's good for nothing.
The receiver is as bad as the thief.
In correct time musical'.
Tenderly Tenor.
A note to be sustained during its whole length.
Baked earth.
Vermicelli A trio, or musical piece for three voices or instruments.
Kettle-drums.
The trunk of a statue.
Sooner or later Three brothers, three castles.
Two to one are odds at football.
Tremulous vibration of a note.
A trill, or shake A triplet.
A group of three notes of equal length.
An instrument somewhat resembling a trumpet in sound.
Discussing truth too much leads to error.
All together On one string of violin.
One swallow does not make a summer.
A new broom sweeps clean What's bred in the bone.
Will come out in the flesh.
It never rains but it pours.
Variations on a musical air With great rapidity.
Thin rolls of paste prepared of flour, cheese, yolks of eggs, sugar, and saffron.
To lead a cat and dog life.
To be constantly quarrelling.
The voice, Chest voice the real voice, Head voice falsetto.
A flight of musical notes.
To wish one well To wish one ill.
Time Turn over.
Turn over the leaf quickly.
Out of sight, out of mind.
A constable an inferior officer of justice.
Fortune favours the brave.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
They are rich who have friends.
The dead have no friends.
An act of faith.
The name given in Spain and Portugal.
Under the Inquisition.
Your good health.
Thou comest'well, if thou comest alone said of misfortunes.
A morsel eaten gains no friend.
A good lawyer is a bad neighbour.
An old ox makes a straight furrow.
Do not spur a free horse.
Every cock crows loud on his own dunghill.
Every one knows best where the shoe pinches him.
A pitcher goes often to the well, but is broken at last.
When good cheer is lacking friends will be packing.
Buy at a market, but sell at home.
Have many acquaintances, but few friends.
There is no fighting against fate.
A magistrate.
Save a thief from the gallows and he will cut your throat.
To give chalk for cheese.
However I am dressed, I shall still be Sancho Panza.
I shall be neither more nor less meritorious.
Smooth water runs deep.
Great braggers, little doers.
Of a bad paymaster get your due if only in kine.
Lock the stable-door when the steed is stolen.
The wise man may change his opinion, but the fool , never.
Behind the cross stands the devil.
Where God has his church, the devil will have his chapel.
Two saints on one day.
There is no fire without some smoke.
One good turn deserves another.
The hare springs out, when one thinks not of it.
Sorrows with something to eat bread are endurable less. A fat sorrow is better than a lean one.
Good wine needs no herald bush.
To eat, and to scratch, a man need but begin.
The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak.
Money makes the man.
The golden land.
Wine wears neither linen nor woolen breeches.
When wine's in wit's out.
A still tongue makes a wise head.
Stark naked. Under bare poles. In puris naturalibus.
Writing, the best memory.
Writing makes the exact man.
An advanced progressist a radical.
An hotel.
A mewing cat is not a good mouser.
A gentleman A gipsy.
Great is the victory that is won without bloodshed.
Necessity is a strong arm.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
War to the knife bitter end.
War, hunting, and love bring a thousand pain for one pleasure.
Wars bring scars.
Love is fruitful of alarms.
An irregular petty war an armed mountaineer.
Member of an independent band harassing the enemy by irregular attacks.
After having advertised wine he sells vinegar.
To speak without thinking is to shoot without taking aim.
A country estate.
The foot of the owner is the best manure for his land.
A gentleman, belonging by birth to the inferior nobility.
A man of one book.
To steal a hog, and give away the feet in alms to God.
To be liberal at another's expense.
A lie has a short life legs.
Riches are the sumpter mules of fortune.
Children and fools speak truth.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Knowledge is better than riches.
Better be ignorant than obstinate.
Better late than never.
A conservative.
Rich here, poor hereafter.
All is not gold that glitters.
There is no lock but a golden key will open it.
No lock will hold against the power of gold.
Not to know how to sign one's name.
To be a mighty grandee.
Rome was not built in a day.
Well begun is half done To offer too much is to court denial.
The owner's eye fattens the horse.
Medley hotch-potch.
Out of debt, out of danger.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
The thief thinks that all are of his profession.
Money makes the mare to go.
Soon ripe, soon rot.
A public declaration an announcement of revolution.
Silence gives consent.
Listeners never hear good of themselves.
Over-reaching cheats itself.
Grasp all, lose all.
Grasp no more than thy hand will hold.
Nothing lost for lack of asking.
Make hay while the sun.
Beasts get fat by change of pastures.
A chain of mountains with jagged ridges like the teeth of a saw.
A short sleep taken about mid-day.
There's no accounting for tastes.
Like master, like man.
I took her for a rose, but she turned out a thorn.
A single hair casts a shadow.
A contented mind is a continual feast.
Truth is green bitter.
More haste less speed.
Live and let live.
An empty purse, and a new house, make a man wise, but too late.
Charity begins at home.
Still waters run deep.
A still tongue makes a wise head.
If the cap fit, wear it.
A heavy purse makes a light heart.
You cannot get blood out of a stone.
Well begun is half done.
The cat knows well whose lips she licks.
A soft answer turneth diabo away wrath.
A tongue of honey, a heart of gall.
Every Jack has his Jill.
Birds of a feather flock – together.
Every one is king in his own house.
A man's house is his castle.
Care's no cure.
A chip of the old block.
Give the devil his due.
Hell is paved with good intentions.
Robbing Peter to pay Paul.
Tell me whom you keep company with, and I' will tell you what you do.
You cannot eat the cake and have it To.
Build castles in the air.
Make a virtue of necessity.
Make the best of a bad bargain.
To escape from the smoke, and fall into the fire.
Out of the frying-pan into the fire.
A burnt child dreads the fire.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Let well alone.
Better late than never.
A bird in hand is worth two in the bush.
Two heads are better than one.
Strike while the iron is hot Make hay while the sun shines.
Many littles make a mickle.
Adversity tries friends.
Count not your chickens before they are hatched.
Hunger is good mustard — the best sauce.
He must crack the nut who would the kernel eat.
Love is blind.
Man proposes, God disposes.
What can't be cured must be endured.
Knowledge is power.
Little things please little minds.
A penny wise and a pound foolish.
Love me, love my dog.
As you make your bed so you must lie on it.
Waste not, want not.
Nothing venture, nothing gain.
Out of debt, out of danger.
Where there's a will there's a way.
Rome was not built in a day.
One good turn deserves.
Forewarned is forearmed.
A deputy representative in parliament.
Even the women knew how to be silent.
To keep their tongues.
Between their teeth.
To go to the dogs.
Deferred is not denied.
"Never to come on a green twig;" not to get on in the world.
Down on his luck.
Railway station Postage stamp.
Please Postman.
Blood and iron Letter.
Topsy-turvy Steamboat.
The Fatherland Germany.
Heaven forbid!
The gallant noble, good man thinks of himself last.
The everlasting Jew the wandering Jew.
To be the cock in the basket to be cock of the company.
The wild huntsman.
Poetry and truth.
The hull husk and the full in plenty Virtue is the highest good.
Thunder and lightning Hasten with leisure. More hurry, worse speed.
Slow and steady wins the race.
One egg is like another.
As like as two peas.
To rap one's knuckles to clip one's wings.
To check one To pull the fell hide, skin over one's ears.
To fleece him smartly.
A single little word can strike him down.
He is the very picture of his father.
Opening of the Imperial diet.
What heaven sends must be agreed!
Serves you right
There will be no cock crow over that
No one will care a brass farthing for it Finance minister.
Chancellor of the Exchequer
Mrs. wife lady Miss
Young lady Cheer up!
Good luck on the way.
Fortune attend you!
Good luck!
Good evening.
Good morning.
Lit. all hail, fresh, pious, joyous, free.
Capital town.
Long live the king.
Home grief a morbid desire of returning home.
Nostalgia Here lies the dog buried.
This is the point. There's the rub.
Gone is gone. No good in crying over spilt milk.
Long live the Emperor.
Court-chaplain I thank you.
I serve the motto of the Prince of Wales.
I'll cough a bit for you.
You will have to wait for it till doomsday.
You may whistle for it.
Worse and worse.
What is always becoming, never is.
If you are well off, remain so.
Never quit certainty for hope.
Every road leads to the end of the world.
All roads go to Jericho.
Waiter, King and emperor.
General levy of the people.
Comprising all men capable of bearing arms.
Men that are not included in the line, the reserve, Militia Never mind, Farewell.
A song, a Girl, a maid.
A Fabulous tale.
To fall into the house with the door to blurt out something to put it bluntly.
With skin and hair completely, thoroughly out and out.
New Universal German Library.
Nothing else remains over for us. We have no alternative.
Deliberate slowly, execute promptly.
Strike while the iron is hot.
Upper House and Lower House Houses of Lords and Commons.
Without haste, yet without rest unhasting, yet unresting.
Post-office A happy New Year to you!
Real schools, secondary schools giving a general practical education.
Imperial chancellor.
Constitution of the empire.
Council of the empire.
Imperial diet.
Cattle plague.
Tranquillity is the first duty of citizens.
Pickled cabbage Fast train express.
Best thanks.
Harmonic society choral.
Sitting of the delegates.
As sure as I am alive.
Do you speak German?
Storm and stress.
Over neck and head headlong.
Practice makes perfect.
Under the limes.
Even the weak, when united, become powerful.
Union is strength.
Put your trust in God.
Wandering years, in which a journeyman went from place to place after his Lekrjahre, to acquire further experience.
Arms, coat of arms.
What is the matter?
Let what must be, happen.
Come what come must.
Neither fish nor flesh.
He that considers too much, will not bring anything to performance.
To look too deep into one's glass.
To take a drop too much.
