My dog barks when strangers arrive.
Every evening, the dogs in our neighbourhood are howling.
Since I've gotten a dog, the regular visits of the fox have stopped.
Our bitch had puppies, do you want one?
Our earth is geologically active, while other planets in the solar system are not.
The funny thing about the horizon is that you can't reach it.
Raleigh scattering is percieved by humans as very beautiful.
Fortunately for us, our sun will continue to be around for a few billion years.
The sun is friendly right now, but it will turn on us and consume this planet.
There are countless possibilities of arranging pieces on a board of chess.
The failed acquisition has sparkled doubts on whether the company's leadership is competent.
For the third quarter in succession, the company didn't manage to leave red numbers.
This company has turned out to be a great success, despite doubts in earlier years.
Sometimes it's smarter to wait, while sometimes you should act.
Last week our fridge broke which forced us to eat lots of ice cream.
This artful creation is more than just a picture, it's a statement by the artist.
The underwater cave is hard to access.
This invention might mean the end of all illness.
On the brink of the fourteenth century, nobody had mobile phones.
The rule is to not let any foreigners in.
The locals had the advantage of knowing the secure path through the marsh.
The future has never been so bright than today.
What have you caused all of this trouble for?
If you dig this tunnel below the building it will collapse, so I urge you to not do it.
It's unpolite to ask a tree for its story unless you are ready to hear it in full length.
Eighteen months after the animal has been reported missing it was finally in its owner's arms again.
Many scientists work their entire careers on this, and you say you have solved this in a single afternoon?
Could you give me a piece of bread please?
This is the only building that was left unaffected by fire.
It's a miracle that nobody has found out about this yet.
Why haven't you been to my funeral?
Entering this area is forbidden without stroking the owner's cat first.
The building site was vacated.
The rule has been long and prosperous.
For this entire evening, you have been staring at that waitress!
I have never seen this approach to this issue, but it might work.
This specific approach won't bear any fruit.
The noise came from the basement.
The planet's core is made of solid gold, but every traveller attempting to recover some didn't return.
What did your books tell you about this epoch of the city?
Science has been arguing about the zoological classification of the species for decades.
Our best bet is that this animal is only active at night.
The train is probably the best way to get there.
I don't think this theory explains why the particles attract each other this strongly.
The wine collection is tremendous.
For the best part of its life, the table has been standing in the basement.
I haven't been to this airport in years.
The twenty million dollar project is projected to be finished in eight weeks.
Maybe this is something of great importance.
I'm not familiar with the books this author wrote.
About one in twenty.
I've been very busy the last few weeks.
You can't see the planet with the naked eye.
We have recovered most of the deleted files, but some are still being processed.
The worst outcome is that the company refuses the offer.
In the short term future, prices will triple.
This isn't knitting, its weaving.
The cobalt mine has been abandoned decades ago.
In my wildest dream I hadn't thought that this would happen.
The egg's shell is hard and brittle, while the interior is sticky on the fingers.
Opposite to the main building, you can see the guest house.
Don't believe the lies they are telling you, invent your own instead.
This investment won't pay off.
The boss level is easy.
If a pen has no ink, it's broken.
Moreover, I won't be needed for the next two days.
The damage to the cloth has been repaired quickly.
Immediately after the robbers left the bank, the police were informed.
The first concern is to patch the holes in the ship, then we can pump out the water.
Its easier to endure the cold if you have a warm drink in the belly.
Since it's been repaired, the car hasn't shown the issue any more.
I don't think this wall should be painted the way you suggested.
This carpet is full of lice.
Are you on the guest list?
I welcome you to my humble dwellings.
The garden is older than the house in fact.
Hopefully this will actually be a lasting fix to the issue, and not just a short term fix.
The irregular pattern comes from the pseudorandomness of the function.
The cable doesn't end in the wall plug, but it goes all the way to the power plant.
After the dictator's rule of fourty three years was over, the country was devastated.
I have pondered about the issue a bit and arrived at the conclusion that it is non-trivial.
The irrigation system will be fixed within a week.
I'll start my first peach harvest later this year.
I've brought you some cheese, because I know you love cheese.
Thousands of years ago, this town was the center of an ancient civilisation.
Some scientists believe the origin of this oscillating signal to be a neutron star.
The list of shortcomings grows longer and longer.
Amazingly, the wall made of iron didn't feel cold.
The building has been the home base of the illegal enterprise for decades.
The deciding battle of the war has been fought in this valley.
If you add another two storeys, you'll need more support pillars.
For most owners of the car model, the issue isn't noticeable.
The second product of the company turned out to be a great success.
The train came thirteen minutes late.
The issue can be avoided entirely.
This no good alternative.
The shop is open from 8am to 8pm.
The shop is closed on mondays.
If you tell me why you came here, I'll show you the project I've been working on.
Its too early to tell whether the strategy will pay off.
