'm all about those invisible cosmic connections that transcend time and distance.
If you start your emails with "Greetings" let me be the first to welcome you to Earth.
You point to a trail of ants leading into the house.
Sadly, my dream of becoming a squirrel whisperer may never happen.
Some storms are worth the wreckage.
I had the "everyone has Gary Busey's teeth" dream again.
Revenge is not my style, but obviously accidents will happen.
You don't have to be rich, skinny, popular, or even own a cape to perform a random act of kindness.
I got drunk yesterday and thought I built a super computer.
This morning I found a calculator taped to my Wii.
I locked eyes with a fish in the tank.
And he wasn't faring much better.
I'm never more aware of a room's acoustics than when I'm trying to enjoy a snack I have no intention of sharing.
Can I get a woot woot!?
I just don't trust anyone who says they've never had Hamburger Helper.
I need you to be spontaneous.  He asked me out to "din din."
I'm trying to explain to my mother how to get pictures off her phone.
You can't believe it's not butter?
Before guns were invented, armies had to throw bullets at each other and if a bullet touched you, you had to sit out until the next war.
Absolutely despicable that gingerbread men are forced to live in houses made of their own flesh.
It's extremely suspicious that there's no information about brains that didn't come from a brain.
So how will we name all these hurricanes?
My review of the sun: one star.
YOU WANNA TAKE THIS OUTSIDE?
He just got a new kite for his birthday.
Hires two personal trainers and make one of them train the other one.
My tax dollars pay for those public school proms.
I'm going to them.
My 7 year resume gap is marked "Not Drugs".
I would have won the Junior Olympics if not for those medaling kids.
You should see the other guy, specifically, how good at fighting he is.
I have the diet of a kid who found 20 dollars.
Replace the Ts in Tim Tebow's name with any other consonant to get a Star Wars character
Now I will drift gently off to dreamland.
I SHALL MAKE US SOME ICE CUBES.
The first rule of don't fight club is let's talk about it.
Had our instruments permitted it, we might have been able to see the trouble way back when. 
All that time the Martians must have been getting ready.
He was immensely excited at the news.
He moved about, invisible but everyone could hear him. 
Looking through the telescope, I saw a circle of deep blue and the little round planet. 
It seemed such a little thing, so bright and small and still. 
It was faintly marked with transverse stripes and slightly flattened from the perfect round.
It was as if it quivered, but really this was the telescope vibrating. 
As I watched, the planet seemed to grow larger and smaller. 
But that was simply because my eye was tired.
Few people realise the immensity of vacancy. 
That night, there was another jetting out of gas from the distant planet.
And at that I told him, and he took my place.
The night was warm and I was thirsty. 
I went stretching my legs clumsily and feeling my way in the dark. 
The streamer of gas came out towards us.
I remember how I sat on the table there in the blackness, with patches of green and crimson swimming before my eyes.
I wished I had a light to smoke by.  
I had seen all that it would presently bring me.
Ogilvy watched till one and then gave up. 
We lit the lantern and walked over to his house.
Down below in the darkness were hundreds of people, sleeping in peace.
Hundreds of observers saw the flame that night and the night after.
Why the shots stopped after the tenth, no one on earth has tried to explain.
It may be the gases of the firing that caused the Martians inconvenience.
Dense clouds of smoke or dust can be seen through a powerful telescope. 
It spread through the planet's atmosphere and obscured its more familiar features.
It was starlight, and I explained the Signs of the Zodiac to her. 
I pointed out Mars, a bright dot of light. 
Many telescopes were pointed at it. 
Coming home, a party of tourists passed us, singing and playing music.
There were lights in the upper windows of the houses when the people went to bed.
From the railway station in the distance came the sound of trains, ringing and rumbling. 
My wife pointed out to me the brightness of the red, green, and yellow signal lights. 
It seemed so safe and tranquil.
Then came the night of the first falling star.
It was seen early in the morning, rushing over eastward.
A line of flame high can be seen in the atmosphere.
Hundreds must have seen it, and taken it for a falling star.
It left a greenish streak that glowed for some seconds.
The greatest authority on meteorites stated that the height of its first appearance was about ninety or one hundred miles.
It seemed to him that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of here. 
This was the strangest of all things that ever came to earth from outer space. 
It must have fallen while I was sitting over there.
It would have been visible to me, had I only looked up as it passed.
Some of those who saw its flight say it travelled with a hissing sound.
I myself heard nothing of that.
Many people in Berkshire, Surrey, and Middlesex must have seen it.
At most, they thought that another meteorite had descended.
No one seemed to have thought about it that night. 
They looked for the fallen mass, but found nothing. 
He had seen the shooting star and was persuaded that a meteorite lay somewhere nearby. 
He got up early with the idea of finding it.
He did find it, soon after dawn, and not far from the sand pits.
An huge hole had been made by the impact of the projectile. 
And the sand and gravel had been flung violently in every direction.
They formed heaps that are  visible a mile and a half away.
The heather was on fire, and you could see a thin blue smoke rising up slowly.
The thing itself was almost entirely buried in sand.
It had a diameter of about thirty yards.
He approached the mass and was surprised at the size and the shape.
Most meteorites are more or less rounded. 
It was, however, still so hot from its flight through the air.
He noticed the unequal cooling of its surface.
For at that time, it had not occurred to him that it might be hollow.
Then suddenly he noticed it with a start.
Some of the grey ash was falling off the circular edge.
It was dropping off in flakes and raining down on the sand.
A large piece suddenly came off and fell with a loud and sharp noise.
It brought his heart into his mouth.
And then he perceived it very slowly. 
The top of the cylinder was rotating on its body.
It was such a gradual movement that he found it only by noticing the dots.
What had been next to him five minutes ago was now at the other side.
Even then he hardly understood what this meant. 
He heard a muffled grating sound and saw the black mark jerk forward an inch or so.
Then the thing came upon him in a flash.
Something inside the cylinder was unscrewing the top.
At once, he connected the two incidents. 
The thought was so dreadful to him that he forgot about the heat and went forward.
He stood irresolute for a moment and then scrambled out of the pit.
They set off running wildly into the trees. 
The time must have been somewhere around six o'clock.
The guy thought he was a lunatic at large and made an unsuccessful attempt to stop him.
That sobered him a little. 
When he saw Henderson in his garden, he called over the fence and made himself understood.
Henderson stood up with a spade in his hand.
Ogilvy told him everything that he had seen.
Henderson was taking it in.
Then he dropped his spade, picked up his jacket, and came out into the road.
The two men hurried back and found the cylinder still lying in the same position.
But now the sounds inside had stopped. 
A thin circle of bright metal showed between the top and the body of the cylinder.
Air was either entering or escaping at the rim with a thin, sizzling sound.
 
Of course, the two were unable to do anything.
They shouted consolation and promises and went off back to the town again to get help.
One can imagine these two, covered with sand, running up the little street in the bright sunlight.
The shop folks were taking down their shutters, and people were opening their bedroom windows.
Henderson went into the railway station to telegraph the news to London.
The newspaper articles had prepared everyone for the reception of the idea.
I was scared, but wasted no time in going out and crossing the bridge to the sand pits.
I found a little crowd of about twenty people surrounding the huge hole.
I have already described the appearance of that colossal bulk which was embedded in the ground.
The turf and gravel around it seemed charred as if by a sudden explosion.
No doubt the impact had caused a flash of fire.
But they were not there.
I think they perceived that nothing was to be done at the moment. 
They had gone away to breakfast at Henderson's house.
 
Among these people were a couple of cyclists, a gardener I employed sometimes, and a girl carrying a baby. 
The loafers and golf caddies were used to hanging out near the railway station.
There was very little talking.
In those days, very few of the people had any idea about astronomy.
Most of them were staring quietly at the big table.
The end of the cylinder was still as Ogilvy and Henderson had left it.
I was disappointed at this inanimate bulk.
Some went away while I was there, and other people came.
I heard a faint movement under my feet.
The top had certainly ceased to rotate.
It was only when I got this close to it that the strangeness of it was at all evident to me.
At the first glance, it was really not very exciting.
It was no more exciting than an overturned carriage or a tree blown across the road.
It looked like a rusty gas float.
At that time, it was quite clear in my own mind that the thing had come from the planet Mars.
But I didn’t think that it contained any living creature.
I thought the unscrewing might be automatic.
In spite of this, I still believed that there were men in Mars.
My mind ran on the possibilities of its content. 
I thought about the difficulties in translation that might arise. 
I thought about whether we should find coins and models in it, and so on. 
Yet, it was a little too large for assurance.
I was impatient to see it opened.
About eleven, I walked back to my home in Maybury because nothing seemed to be happening. 
But I found it difficult to get to work because of the investigations.
Besides that, there was  a heap of bicycles.
It was glaringly hot, not a cloud in the sky nor a breath of wind.
The only shadow was that of the few scattered pine trees.
The burning fire had been extinguished. 
The level ground was blackened as far as one could see, and it was still giving off smoke.
A large portion of the cylinder had been uncovered. 
Its lower end was still embedded.
As soon as he saw me among the crowd, he called to me to come down. 
When I returned to the common, the sun was setting.
Scattered groups of people were hurrying from the direction of Woking. 
And one or two persons were returning.
There were raised voices,and some sort of struggle appeared to be going on. .
Strange images passed through my mind.
A boy came running towards me.
There were really, I think, two or three hundred people elbowing one another.
The crowd swayed a little as I elbowed my way through.
Everyone seemed very excited.
I heard a peculiar humming sound from the pit.
We don't know what's in the confounded thing, do you? 
