Please put a clothes-peg on your nose before reading this.
They use the terraforming tool to modify the terrain.
You can say mutex instead of mutual exclusion.
Does the sensor still have the same deficits when it comes to interoperability with other vendors?
The allies lost another airborne division during the raid.
Only stumps are left where hundreds of spruce firs stood yesterday.
Dora has a trampoline in her garden.
In the simulation game, I think I will hijack this fancy Lamborghini. 
You should've learned that thumbnails with women wearing plunging necklines are just click bait.
Oops, I didn't want to barge in on you!
Due to the lack of a bug bounty program, Johanna decided to sell her exploit on the black market.
Eve had a secret affair with Ronald.
The time allotted for speaking doesn't leave a margin for questions.
The Phantom of the Opera is the only musical I've ever seen.
Sooner or later, they'll find out how to read these hieroglyphics.
There's a podium discussion about the pros and cons of daylight saving time.
It's raining gin!
We chose a torus topology for our network.
I won't give your niece a lollipop if she gets naughty again.
Why is pinball so addictive?
I have to use the toilet. 
Agent Keys took out his neuralizer and flashy-thinged the coroner.
Most people using the term "exponentially" don't know what it actually means.
This blurry tomography doesn't help me a lot with the diagnosis.
I met your stepdad in the liquor shop yesterday.
Is he a drunkard or what?
The Viking rudder was harsh on the oars.
We should celebrate our anniversary in the new karaoke bar.
Parents should warn their kids about possible undertow near sieves in swimming pools.
The selfish Welsh wish to sell fish, which smells swell when getting squished.
One picture in the gallery shows how diligent slaves erect the statue of admiral Thompson.
Arnold presented a chart showing how many storks he had counted in the past ten years.
Whether and how to ethically kill lobsters is disputed.
The homemade chili dip by your stepmother is really tasty.
This section deals with the caveats of the proposed method.
You might as well play Russian roulette.
All of our trainees failed the polygraph test.
I wonder if C-sections will get more popular than natural births one day.
The prevailing notion among midwifes is that vaginal childbirths should be preferred to cesareans.
We had a lot of hurricanes this year.
Ground station to flight 101, please correct your altitude, over!
By accepting our privacy policy, you agree that we save your data for 21 days to detect frauds.
Anna Austen asked about the acceptation of the word "alliteration."
Mrs Brickman wants to know why her rating score is so terribly low.
Can you sing me a lullaby?
I only know the refrain.
The whole region was affected by the flood calamity.
Oh man, I think I got friend-zoned once again.
Attacking these virtual villains will increase your notoriety online.
Web developers shouldn't embed scripts directly from jQuery.com since it enables a third party to track all users.
It was my moral incentive for all endeavors I've made so far.
Mayday, we crashed into an iceberg!
There's no point in disclaiming, we have everything on tape.
While some admired the prophet, others accused him of blasphemy, and now he seeks sanctuary abroad.
I'd add a separate subsection which deals with this aspect.
You have dilated pupils.
A bus shuttle took us from the airport to the metro.
I have a baseball bat in my room to defend against intruders.
It's probably a good idea to merge the two subsections in the synopsis.
Cheryl asked me about visiting the poetry slam with her tomorrow.
Hey, stop staring at my decollete!
I'm just gazing at the marble of your necklace.
It's the first time my grandpa does online banking.
Two scorpions were menacing each other with their stings.
Their venom is however not deadly to humans.
An inferno destroyed half of Lisbon during the Portuguese inquisition.
The incubation period is typically about two weeks.
There's a group of unruly teens bumming around in your garden.
Let's hope the state secretary can exert influence on the chancellor.
Your so-called sedative only exacerbates the pain.
Lawrence was baffled by the amount of things he had learned about fuzzy logic.
When Luke had finished the hazard analysis, he frowned.
The police was still interrogating witnesses of the rape when a mob outside began to practice lynch law.
As a preliminary, familiarize yourself with the basic concept of nuclear fission.
The fascinating consequence of Bayes' theorem is that we can infer against the direction of causality.
Tabitha on the other hand, chose a more pragmatic approach.
The chocolate bar looked so tempting that Lenna just couldn't abstain from it.
There's a variety of possibilities, but the checkerboard pattern doesn't seem appropriate here.
Sylvester needed to meditate to clear his mind.
Sigmund depicted the occurrence with all its obscene details.
To summarize, our comprehensive survey discloses the true versatility of their method.
My daughter is happy that she found a feather on the street.
After the prince had been rescued, he showed evidence of Stockholm syndrome.
One can still see the scar where the acid was accidentally poured on my arm.
I wonder if we'll ever get rid of all the nukes.
The merit of their paper is to alleviate the extraction of isolines and isosurfaces.
Before you get too excited, keep in mind that it only applies to low-dimensional problems.
The Fury X is a very potent graphics card.
Taran was so bored that he took his biro and drew some glyphs on the table.
When Alvin was a little boy, he loved to watch Bud Spencer and Terence Hill.
Tiffany told us, the bench is made of beech wood.
I like the avenger of the new episode, he really is a badass.
The epileptic seizure could have been cause by the strobe lights.
Wow, the stroboscope effect on the ball is really astonishing!
That's the centigrade scale.
Sometimes Yasmin's ambitions have no limits.
We have offices all around the globe.
This is probably web jargon.
Come to my ranch, and I'm gonna show you what damage the tornado has caused.
We cannot condone how the state drifts into anarchy.
