I made a few changes, don't worry.
His talk didn't resonate well to some in the audience.
I press this button and the program does its magic.
Maybe the school didn't want her to compete.
I have to leave this place as soon as possible.
She told the manager what happened before they had a chance to leave.
The don and his guests were talking for almost half an hour now.
That won't happen Tata, I met you when I was still happy!
The stranger thought for a moment, weighing his options.
I'm so glad I'm not working this evening!
Nobody wants to listen to the announcement.
Even if you managed to find his house, how are you going to get there?
Verbal agreements are not binding.
Evading the search party was her top priority.
Remember these words as if you are counting.
Going back to that particular school made her even more anxious.
Of course, you can help them carry the boxes.
Newbies shouldn't assume they can take on large projects.
Not all typos in the second edition were corrected in the latest edition.
All these examples mean the same thing but they also emphasize different things.
Give me a number 9, a number 7 with extra dip and a large soda.
It was the eighth chime and that was the hour of souls.
Verifying reports was one of her jobs.
Experience taught me how to deal with these types of people.
You said they were rich?
One of the five suspects was caught one month after their escape.
Unmasked and wounded, the vigilante made her last stand.
Unpaid employees held protest outside the building.
Pigs are cute and intelligent animals.
Diego stopped in front of the stage and waited for people to chant his name.
The deer got hit, but it managed to survive.
In the other kiosk were some children supervised by their parents.
I fell into a well and it was horrible.
This book was shipped all the way from my university in New York.
The new government ceded the province to the rebels.
For some reason I'm still not used to being an admin on a server.
That's a good amount to start with.
My first trip to the island is in March.
If you have time, go check out her YouTube channel.
Scanners with automatic document feeders actually exist.
I'm thinking of getting a visa there but I have little to no idea how.
Don't underestimate the power of boredom.
You need to talk to your adviser, even if she doesn't want to listen to you.
Don't forget that you're still part of the company.
Learn what you can and move on.
If you'd kept your cool, you would've noticed that he's trolling.
You have to be critical of unnatural ways people try to change the language.
I might be able to work with this.
There's a surprising amount of words in it.
They spent the whole weekend playing video games.
There are no laws about giving it away for free, though.
