"And what if there has been a search already? 
What if I find them in my room?"
But here was his room.
Nothing and no one in it.
No one had peeped in.
Even Nastasya had not touched it.
But heavens! how could he have left all those things in the hole?
He rushed to the corner, slipped his hand under the paper, pulled the things out and lined his pockets with them.
There were eight articles in all: two little boxes with ear-rings or something of the sort, he hardly looked to see; then four small leather cases.
There was a chain, too, merely wrapped in newspaper and something else in newspaper, that looked like a decoration.
He put them all in the different pockets of his overcoat, and the remaining pocket of his trousers, trying to concealthem as much as possible.
He took the purse, too.
Then he went out of his room, leaving the door open.
He walked quickly and resolutely, and though he felt shattered, he had his senses about him.
He was afraid of pursuit, he was afraid that in another half-hour, another quarter of an hour perhaps, instructions would be issued for his pursuit, and so at all costs, he must hide all traces before then.
He must clear everything up while he still had some strength, some reasoning power left him.
Where was he to go?
But to get rid of it, turned out to be a very difficult task.
Moreover he could be seen and noticed from the banks on all sides; it would look suspicious for a man to go down on purpose, stop, and throw something into the water.
And what if the boxes were to float instead of sinking? And of course they would.
Even as it was, everyone he met seemed to stare and look round, as if they had nothing to do but to watch him.
"Why is it, or can it be my fancy?" he thought.
At last the thought struck him that it might be better to go to the Neva.
There were not so many people there, he would be less observed, and it would be more convenient in every way, above all it was further off.
He wondered how he could have been wandering for a good half-hour, worried and anxious in this dangerous past without thinking of it before.
And that half-hour he had lost over an irrational plan, simply because he had thought of it in delirium! 
He had become extremely absent and forgetful and he was aware of it.
He certainly must make haste.
And though he felt incapable of clear judgment, the idea seemed to him a sound one.
But he was not destined to go there.
Here was a deserted fenced-off place where rubbish of different sorts was lying.
At the end of the court, the corner of a low, smutty, stone shed, apparently part of some workshop, peeped from behind the hoarding.
It was probably a carriage builder's or carpenter's shed; the whole place from the entrance was black with coal dust.
Here would be the place to throw it, he thought.
Not seeing anyone in the yard, he slipped in, and
"Here I could throw it all in a heap and get away!"
He bent down over the stone, seized the top of it firmly in both hands, and using all his strength turned it over.
Under the stone was a small hollow in the ground, and he immediately emptied his pocket into it.
