What's up?
A stone flounder is the textbook definition of effective camouflage.
No one is going to come to your rescue.
The weather in Finland sucks.
She was stranded alone, at the Berlin airport when she was 6.
This is the moment I have been waiting for.
Yesterday my wife bought new pillows for herself.
Her life is a series of plot twists.
Here's a joke I like.
While English is the standard language spoken in his country, the United States of America has no official language.
Oh, come on, don't be greedy with the Jolly Ranchers.
This is going to sound like a digression, but bear with me.
Her school’s WiFi has a ridiculous amount of websites that are blocked.
My first job was as a pizza driver.
At the end of my very first shift, I was paid in cash for the day’s work.
I was hungry, so I bought a pizza.
When my only child was 6, she said something that really pissed me off.
Why does a plant turn towards the sun?
Because its growth hormone runs away from sunlight.
Why does Melissandre look like she wants to consume Jon Snow on the ride up the wall?
He means that he can't really tell you the truth for PR reasons.
He instead offers an alternate explanation that relates to site scalability issues.
He was sitting next to the exit, facing the passengers.
Her eyes lit up as soon as she saw him enter the room.
If I was at a party where there was drinking involved, I could call him and he would come pick me up and take me home.
I was sitting with my best friend when he asked me, "Hey Hannah, can you do me a favor?"
There’s an artist on campus who makes some really cool drawings.
One of them reminded me of her, so I messaged the artist and bought it for her.
My dog gave her life to save my child.
My friend was getting married and asked me to be her maid of honor.
A bunch of us are going berry picking tomorrow.
He bent over this morning to pick something up and heard a small pop in his lower back.
He felt a pang of loneliness and tried to ignore it.
He brings her own lunch to work, and eats by himself at his desk.
My child suffered a heat stroke in her own bedroom.
This is an extremely complicated process.
I will never forget that day.
Sometimes in life you need to cut people out of your life even if you know you'll miss them.
My daughter's diary entry was about the horrible day she had had at school.
She was recounting in immense detail the mean things another girl had said to her.
This definitely works well.
I have had 10 cups of tea since morning.
He and his family went up north to the Arctic Circle to meet Santa Claus in Finland.
She must hate me, why wouldn't she?
Why do people have really good ideas in the shower?
His boss thinks he doesn't work enough.
They did something different to get there and you can learn from them.
She is a neighbour, and sometimes we meet in the elevator.
Is he happy with his choice?
She is barely surviving the paycheck to paycheck life.
I found my pet Kissa when she was 10 weeks old.
The Linux terminal refuses to make me a cup of coffee.
She has been burning the candle at both ends trying to finish this paper.
She went backpacking around Europe with a friend from high school.
The traffic is terrible today.
Why haven't I known that?
There's a lot more to it than meets the eye.
She has to do something about it.
The summer is almost over.
