I feel a sharp pain in my left arm.
My mother has Parkinson's.
I do not accept that diagnosis.
I have a headache and a sore throat.
She broke her arm in several places.
Her niece is a diabetic.
My grandmother has Type One diabetes.
My mother has Type Two diabetes.
Yesterday, he went to an STD clinic to test for herpes.
She was just diagnosed with uterine cancer.
Because she is diabetic, a low-carbohydrate diet is recommended.
Please tell me more about your symptoms.
Can you tell me where it hurts?
How long have you been experiencing these symptoms?
Is there a history of heart disease in your family?
How many alcoholic beverages do you consume each week?
On a scale from one (for not at all) and ten (for very much), how much pain do you feel?
Yesterday, I asked my doctor for a new prescription.
Because of my depression, I have been recommended to see a psychiatrist.
His grandfather was an abusive alcoholic.
Tomorrow morning, she will check into the hospital.
The hospital is hiring nurses.
I need to go to the emergency room.
The doctor says that she will see you now.
The doctor will see you in the morning.
At the hospital, I met a very nice nurse.
I was the only patient in the waiting room.
I pressed the button for my nurse, but he did not come.
Take this pill twice daily, once in the morning and once at bedtime.
There were a lot of people in the waiting room.
I took a number and found my seat.
There was an older man sitting next to me who held a cat on his lap.
I could hear a man crying out in pain in the dentist's office.
Sometimes, I experience so much pain that I cannot sleep at night.
The waiting room smelled of sickness and death.
Her body was lost among the many others in the city morgue.
In the morning, I will visit the dentist.
The receptionist gave the smiling little boy a pink lollipop.
There was an angry red gash on his forehead.
My nurse told me his name.
A group of doctors examined the patient's medical charts.
The very next day, he woke refreshed.
He was depressed and suicidal.
After the last patient left, the doctor carefully washed her hands.
How long have you had this bruise?
The medical examiner reported that the cause of death was a homicide.
No, you cannot have that lollipop.
Yes, this is the right place.
You should take your time in finding a good doctor.
Three weeks later, he was feeling a lot better.
The wound healed faster than anyone expected.
She lost her sight in a childhood accident.
I think I am catching a cold.
Vaccines can provide some protection during flu season.
Do you think we will ever find a cure for cancer?
I like reading about medical mysteries, don't you?
On Sunday mornings, he puts on his slippers and reads the newspaper on the cold patio.
My doctor received her medical degree from a prestigious university.
Make sure you get a doctor's note!
I am allergic to penicillin.
