as above, so below. as within so without. as the universe so the soul.
the existence is a set of networks, modeled hierarchically within infinite dimensions.
I look through the infinity of your face, and contemplate the latent sense in the dietary static of the pulsar of hours
as i crawl through a glimmer of hollow sphere, i resemble the outcast of fear.
we all share a common denominator: love, the supreme force that reasembles all the there is, there was, and will be
I find myself, I find you !!! Find it, find it.
Meet, meet, meet;
There, whitewashed, between the meso-vitriolic flame Of the latent sense in the mecanosphere of love.
An exchange of looks. An exchange of gestures.
An exchange of affections, ideas, ideals, thoughts Which stifle the fruitful innocence of dialectical catharsis
Which expands glamorously, and jokingly, all that That is, in addition to the dialectic Of a coil of abatement that encloses Everything that is, outside and will come, anyway !!!
Dialectical innocence; The innocent ungente.
Pungent innocence; Totemic innocence.
Broken innocence; Loose, devoid.
Everything resonates eloquently; Everything resonates hysterically and slowly.
Everything resounds to the sound of absent music; An ocean of piano notes.
A sea of modulations, cadences, inversions, retrogradations. And all that increases the innocent pulse of hearts.
The sefirotic pulsation of the anointing of the hours;
Even in the arcadia I exist, even beyond death dream Between electromagnetic fields of thought.
Loose, once, beyond the look, beyond the senses, On the other side of the mirror, the light and the shadow, By the vibratory sense of the pulsars of constructions Of dreams, landscapes, and remnants of immanent scorn.
The anger of the eye loosens itself, the wrath of maleficence expands, extinguishes itself, Giving rise to an infinite transcendent gnosis loosened here and now,
Between perplexed affections, and for sharing an embarrassment Between the symbiosis of a preoccupation and a perplexed fear, For what we call the current state of affairs.
The painful descent into the depths of the soul
The painful chalice that is suddenly anointed
The accumulation of energy anaphytically, The goddess there, while the people trusted In the fifth empire, and stayed at home Sleeping and looking at your belly button.
The memory of a late childhood, of your smile as full alchemy,
Of the sun there in heavenly Jerusalem, as magahonic magnificence
Of the dissolution of the sense of the plague - a glance that looms over us
Let loose voluptuously, all in itself ardent, all that rejuvenates
The block that saddens us, to the taste of the lighthouse that makes us mad
The direction of the cross in a square circle and center,
Maybe triangle too, maybe star of the beyond,
A Finisterrian catharsis that contains us,
Besides this rose in crucified Christ.
Through the flame of the night fall through the flame of the fall of the heavens
Through the sore that suits me, there paused sense of the flame of the zé no one
I think of you, of myself, of ourselves, of the light of your face, of the pulses of your soul
What enchanted troubadour, what pestilence, what metaphysical smile, which What an enchanted troubadour!
I count the stars, I count the rings of Saturn, Tale of mourning rosettes.
Between the dark side of the moon (full), Which marks, (infra-) symbolically, What was once and is, in fact, The sudden longing for the breath of hope.
Time echoes the dreams that have been lost In the tiny craving to live one day at a time, Giving the maximum of himself in each moment, And living with all the intensity of the world, Despite the apparent latent difficulties.
Distance, indifference and the dust of life
It is as much as you make me known,
Through this stone deposit, where The platonic mantras of the disguised sense
Of affection tear, sacro-theurgically The troubadour path of Gothic columns Raised by the weeping of the frost.
The umbra of systemic nocturnal defibrillation catharsis
The umbra of the systemic catharsis of the anointing of darkness,
The misanthropy of the iconic present which is, indeed,
The triad of what had been, for all intents and purposes, at that moment,
The scourge of what will, for all intents and purposes, be enlarged in that cell,
Through the catharsis of the soul, through the catharsis of life,
