Had our instruments permitted it, we might have seen the gathering trouble far back in the nineteenth century.
All that time the Martians must have been getting ready.

A singularly appropriate phrase it proved.
He was immensely excited at the news, and in the excess of his feelings invited me up to take a turn with him that night in a scrutiny of the red planet.

Ogilvy moved about, invisible but audible.
Looking through the telescope, one saw a circle of deep blue and the little round planet swimming in the field.
It seemed such a little thing, so bright and small and still, faintly marked with transverse stripes, and slightly flattened from the perfect round.
It was as if it quivered, but really this was the telescope vibrating with the activity of the clockwork that kept the planet in view.

As I watched, the planet seemed to grow larger and smaller and to advance and recede, but that was simply that my eye was tired.
Few people realise the immensity of vacancy in which the dust of the material universe swims.

That night, too, there was another jetting out of gas from the distant planet.
A reddish flash at the edge, the slightest projection of the outline just as the chronometer struck midnight; and at that I told Ogilvy and he took my place.
The night was warm and I was thirsty, and I went stretching my legs clumsily and feeling my way in the darkness, to the little table where the siphon stood, while Ogilvy exclaimed at the streamer of gas that came out towards us.

I remember how I sat on the table there in the blackness, with patches of green and crimson swimming before my eyes.
I wished I had a light to smoke by, little suspecting the meaning of the minute gleam I had seen and all that it would presently bring me.
Ogilvy watched till one, and then gave it up; and we lit the lantern and walked over to his house.
Down below in the darkness were Ottershaw and Chertsey and all their hundreds of people, sleeping in peace.

Hundreds of observers saw the flame that night and the night after about midnight, and again the night after; and so for ten nights, a flame each night.
Why the shots ceased after the tenth no one on earth has attempted to explain.
It may be the gases of the firing caused the Martians inconvenience.
Dense clouds of smoke or dust, visible through a powerful telescope on earth as little grey, fluctuating patches, spread through the clearness of the planet's atmosphere and obscured its more familiar features.

It was starlight and I explained the Signs of the Zodiac to her, and pointed out Mars, a bright dot of light creeping zenithward, towards which so many telescopes were pointed.
Coming home, a party of excursionists from Chertsey or Isleworth passed us singing and playing music.
There were lights in the upper windows of the houses as the people went to bed.
From the railway station in the distance came the sound of shunting trains, ringing and rumbling, softened almost into melody by the distance.
My wife pointed out to me the brightness of the red, green, and yellow signal lights hanging in a framework against the sky.
It seemed so safe and tranquil.

Then came the night of the first falling star.
It was seen early in the morning, rushing over Winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere.
Hundreds must have seen it, and taken it for an ordinary falling star.
Albin described it as leaving a greenish streak behind it that glowed for some seconds.
Denning, our greatest authority on meteorites, stated that the height of its first appearance was about ninety or one hundred miles.
It seemed to him that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him.

Yet this strangest of all things that ever came to earth from outer space must have fallen while I was sitting there, visible to me had I only looked up as it passed.
Some of those who saw its flight say it travelled with a hissing sound.
I myself heard nothing of that.
Many people in Berkshire, Surrey, and Middlesex must have seen the fall of it, and, at most, have thought that another meteorite had descended.
No one seems to have troubled to look for the fallen mass that night.

But very early in the morning poor Ogilvy, who had seen the shooting star and who was persuaded that a meteorite lay somewhere on the common between Horsell, Ottershaw, and Woking, rose early with the idea of finding it.
Find it he did, soon after dawn, and not far from the sand pits.
An enormous hole had been made by the impact of the projectile, and the sand and gravel had been flung violently in every direction over the heath, forming heaps visible a mile and a half away.
The heather was on fire eastward, and a thin blue smoke rose against the dawn.

The Thing itself lay almost entirely buried in sand, amidst the scattered splinters of a fir tree it had shivered to fragments in its descent.
It had a diameter of about thirty yards.
He approached the mass, surprised at the size and more so at the shape, since most meteorites are rounded more or less completely.
It was, however, still so hot from its flight through the air as to forbid his near approach.
A stirring noise within its cylinder he ascribed to the unequal cooling of its surface; for at that time it had not occurred to him that it might be hollow.

Then suddenly he noticed with a start that some of the grey clinker, the ashy incrustation that covered the meteorite, was falling off the circular edge of the end.
It was dropping off in flakes and raining down upon the sand.
A large piece suddenly came off and fell with a sharp noise that brought his heart into his mouth.

And then he perceived that, very slowly, the circular top of the cylinder was rotating on its body.
It was such a gradual movement that he discovered it only through noticing that a black mark that had been near him five minutes ago was now at the other side of the circumference.
Even then he scarcely understood what this indicated, until he heard a muffled grating sound and saw the black mark jerk forward an inch or so.
Then the thing came upon him in a flash.
Something within the cylinder was unscrewing the top!

At once, with a quick mental leap, he linked the Thing with the flash upon Mars.

The thought of the confined creature was so dreadful to him that he forgot the heat and went forward to the cylinder to help turn.
At that he stood irresolute for a moment, then turned, scrambled out of the pit, and set off running wildly into Woking.
The time then must have been somewhere about six o'clock.
The fellow thought he was a lunatic at large and made an unsuccessful attempt to shut him into the taproom.
That sobered him a little; and when he saw Henderson, the London journalist, in his garden, he called over the palings and made himself understood.

Henderson stood up with his spade in his hand.

Ogilvy told him all that he had seen.
Henderson was a minute or so taking it in.
Then he dropped his spade, snatched up his jacket, and came out into the road.
The two men hurried back at once to the common, and found the cylinder still lying in the same position.
But now the sounds inside had ceased, and a thin circle of bright metal showed between the top and the body of the cylinder.
Air was either entering or escaping at the rim with a thin, sizzling sound.

Of course the two were quite unable to do anything.
They shouted consolation and promises, and went off back to the town again to get help.
One can imagine them, covered with sand, excited and disordered, running up the little street in the bright sunlight just as the shop folks were taking down their shutters and people were opening their bedroom windows.
Henderson went into the railway station at once, in order to telegraph the news to London.
The newspaper articles had prepared men's minds for the reception of the idea.

I was naturally startled, and lost no time in going out and across the Ottershaw bridge to the sand pits.

I found a little crowd of perhaps twenty people surrounding the huge hole in which the cylinder lay.
I have already described the appearance of that colossal bulk, embedded in the ground.
The turf and gravel about it seemed charred as if by a sudden explosion.
No doubt its impact had caused a flash of fire.
Henderson and Ogilvy were not there.
I think they perceived that nothing was to be done for the present, and had gone away to breakfast at Henderson's house.

Among these were a couple of cyclists, a jobbing gardener I employed sometimes, a girl carrying a baby, Gregg the butcher and his little boy, and two or three loafers and golf caddies who were accustomed to hang about the railway station.
There was very little talking.
Few of the common people in England had anything but the vaguest astronomical ideas in those days.
Most of them were staring quietly at the big table like end of the cylinder, which was still as Ogilvy and Henderson had left it.
I fancy the popular expectation of a heap of charred corpses was disappointed at this inanimate bulk.
Some went away while I was there, and other people came.
I clambered into the pit and fancied I heard a faint movement under my feet.
The top had certainly ceased to rotate.

It was only when I got thus close to it that the strangeness of this object was at all evident to me.
At the first glance it was really no more exciting than an overturned carriage or a tree blown across the road.
It looked like a rusty gas float.

At that time it was quite clear in my own mind that the Thing had come from the planet Mars, but I judged it improbable that it contained any living creature.
I thought the unscrewing might be automatic.
In spite of Ogilvy, I still believed that there were men in Mars.
My mind ran fancifully on the possibilities of its containing manuscript, on the difficulties in translation that might arise, whether we should find coins and models in it, and so forth.
Yet it was a little too large for assurance on this idea.
I felt an impatience to see it opened.
About eleven, as nothing seemed happening, I walked back, full of such thought, to my home in Maybury.
But I found it difficult to get to work upon my abstract investigations.

Besides that, there was quite a heap of bicycles.

It was glaringly hot, not a cloud in the sky nor a breath of wind, and the only shadow was that of the few scattered pine trees.
The burning heather had been extinguished, but the level ground towards Ottershaw was blackened as far as one could see, and still giving off vertical streamers of smoke.

A large portion of the cylinder had been uncovered, though its lower end was still embedded.
As soon as Ogilvy saw me among the staring crowd on the edge of the pit he called to me to come down, and asked me if I would mind going over to see Lord Hilton, the lord of the manor.

When I returned to the common the sun was setting.
Scattered groups were hurrying from the direction of Woking, and one or two persons were returning.
There were raised voices, and some sort of struggle appeared to be going on about the pit.
Strange imaginings passed through my mind.

A boy came running towards me.

There were really, I should think, two or three hundred people elbowing and jostling one another, the one or two ladies there being by no means the least active.

The crowd swayed a little, and I elbowed my way through.
Every one seemed greatly excited.
I heard a peculiar humming sound from the pit.

We don't know what's in the confounded thing, you know!

I saw a young man, a shop assistant in Woking I believe he was, standing on the cylinder and trying to scramble out of the hole again.

The end of the cylinder was being screwed out from within.
Nearly two feet of shining screw projected.
Somebody blundered against me, and I narrowly missed being pitched onto the top of the screw.
I turned, and as I did so the screw must have come out, for the lid of the cylinder fell upon the gravel with a ringing concussion.
I stuck my elbow into the person behind me, and turned my head towards the Thing again.
For a moment that circular cavity seemed perfectly black.

There was a loud shriek from a woman behind.
I half turned, keeping my eyes fixed upon the cylinder still, from which other tentacles were now projecting, and began pushing my way back from the edge of the pit.
I saw astonishment giving place to horror on the faces of the people about me.
I heard inarticulate exclamations on all sides.
There was a general movement backwards.
I saw the shopman struggling still on the edge of the pit.
I found myself alone, and saw the people on the other side of the pit running off, Stent among them.
I looked again at the cylinder, and ungovernable terror gripped me.
I stood petrified and staring.

A big greyish rounded bulk, the size, perhaps, of a bear, was rising slowly and painfully out of the cylinder.

The mass that framed them, the head of the thing, was rounded, and had, one might say, a face.
There was a mouth under the eyes, the lipless brim of which quivered and panted, and dropped saliva.
The whole creature heaved and pulsated convulsively.
A lank tentacular appendage gripped the edge of the cylinder, another swayed in the air.

Suddenly the monster vanished.
It had toppled over the brim of the cylinder and fallen into the pit, with a thud like the fall of a great mass of leather.
I heard it give a peculiar thick cry, and forthwith another of these creatures appeared darkly in the deep shadow of the aperture.

I turned and, running madly, made for the first group of trees, perhaps a hundred yards away; but I ran slantingly and stumbling, for I could not avert my face from these things.

There, among some young pine trees and furze bushes, I stopped, panting, and waited further developments.
And then, with a renewed horror, I saw a round, black object bobbing up and down on the edge of the pit.
It was the head of the shopman who had fallen in, but showing as a little black object against the hot western sun.
Now he got his shoulder and knee up, and again he seemed to slip back until only his head was visible.
Suddenly he vanished, and I could have fancied a faint shriek had reached me.
I had a momentary impulse to go back and help him that my fears overruled.

After the glimpse I had had of the Martians emerging from the cylinder in which they had come to the earth from their planet, a kind of fascination paralysed my actions.
I was a battleground of fear and curiosity.

The sunset faded to twilight before anything further happened.
The crowd far away on the left, towards Woking, seemed to grow, and I heard now a faint murmur from it.
The little knot of people towards Chobham dispersed.
There was scarcely an intimation of movement from the pit.

Then I saw some cabmen and others had walked boldly into the sand pits, and heard the clatter of hoofs and the gride of wheels.
I saw a lad trundling off the barrow of apples.
And then, within thirty yards of the pit, advancing from the direction of Horsell, I noted a little black knot of men, the foremost of whom was waving a white flag.

Suddenly there was a flash of light, and a quantity of luminous greenish smoke came out of the pit in three distinct puffs, which drove up, one after the other, straight into the still air.

At the same time a faint hissing sound became audible.

Beyond the pit stood the little wedge of people with the white flag at its apex, arrested by these phenomena, a little knot of small vertical black shapes upon the black ground.
As the green smoke arose, their faces flashed out pallid green, and faded again as it vanished.
Then slowly the hissing passed into a humming, into a long, loud, droning noise.
Slowly a humped shape rose out of the pit, and the ghost of a beam of light seemed to flicker out from it.

Forthwith flashes of actual flame, a bright glare leaping from one to another, sprang from the scattered group of men.
It was as if some invisible jet impinged upon them and flashed into white flame.
It was as if each man were suddenly and momentarily turned to fire.

Then, by the light of their own destruction, I saw them staggering and falling, and their supporters turning to run.

I stood staring, not as yet realising that this was death leaping from man to man in that little distant crowd.
All I felt was that it was something very strange.
An almost noiseless and blinding flash of light, and a man fell headlong and lay still; and as the unseen shaft of heat passed over them, pine trees burst into fire, and every dry furze bush became with one dull thud a mass of flames.
And far away towards Knaphill I saw the flashes of trees and hedges and wooden buildings suddenly set alight.

It was sweeping round swiftly and steadily, this flaming death, this invisible, inevitable sword of heat.
I perceived it coming towards me by the flashing bushes it touched, and was too astounded and stupefied to stir.
I heard the crackle of fire in the sand pits and the sudden squeal of a horse that was as suddenly stilled.
Then it was as if an invisible yet intensely heated finger were drawn through the heather between me and the Martians, and all along a curving line beyond the sand pits the dark ground smoked and crackled.
Something fell with a crash far away to the left where the road from Woking station opens out on the common.

All this had happened with such swiftness that I had stood motionless, dumbfounded and dazzled by the flashes of light.
Had that death swept through a full circle, it must inevitably have slain me in my surprise.
But it passed and spared me, and left the night about me suddenly dark and unfamiliar.

The undulating common seemed now dark almost to blackness, except where its roadways lay grey and pale under the deep blue sky of the early night.
It was dark, and suddenly void of men.
Overhead the stars were mustering, and in the west the sky was still a pale, bright, almost greenish blue.
The tops of the pine trees and the roofs of Horsell came out sharp and black against the western afterglow.
The Martians and their appliances were altogether invisible, save for that thin mast upon which their restless mirror wobbled.
Patches of bush and isolated trees here and there smoked and glowed still, and the houses towards Woking station were sending up spires of flame into the stillness of the evening air.

Nothing was changed save for that and a terrible astonishment.
The little group of black specks with the flag of white had been swept out of existence, and the stillness of the evening, so it seemed to me, had scarcely been broken.

It came to me that I was upon this dark common, helpless, unprotected, and alone.

With an effort I turned and began a stumbling run through the heather.

The fear I felt was no rational fear, but a panic terror not only of the Martians, but of the dusk and stillness all about me.
Such an extraordinary effect in unmanning me it had that I ran weeping silently as a child might do.
Once I had turned, I did not dare to look back.

But that crowd of people had a far narrower escape than mine.
Had the elevation of the parabolic mirror been a few yards higher, none could have lived to tell the tale.
They saw the flashes and the men falling and an invisible hand, as it were, lit the bushes as it hurried towards them through the twilight.
Then, with a whistling note that rose above the droning of the pit, the beam swung close over their heads, lighting the tops of the beech trees that line the road, and splitting the bricks, smashing the windows, firing the window frames, and bringing down in crumbling ruin a portion of the gable of the house nearest the corner.

Sparks and burning twigs began to fall into the road, and single leaves like puffs of flame.
Then came a crying from the common.
There were shrieks and shouts, and suddenly a mounted policeman came galloping through the confusion with his hands clasped over his head, screaming.

They must have bolted as blindly as a flock of sheep.
Where the road grows narrow and black between the high banks the crowd jammed, and a desperate struggle occurred.
All that crowd did not escape; three persons at least, two women and a little boy, were crushed and trampled there, and left to die amid the terror and the darkness.

At last I could go no further; I was exhausted with the violence of my emotion and of my flight, and I staggered and fell by the wayside.
That was near the bridge that crosses the canal by the gasworks.

I must have remained there some time.

I sat up, strangely perplexed.
For a moment, perhaps, I could not clearly understand how I came there.
My terror had fallen from me like a garment.
My hat had gone, and my collar had burst away from its fastener.
Now it was as if something turned over, and the point of view altered abruptly.
There was no sensible transition from one state of mind to the other.
The silent common, the impulse of my flight, the starting flames, were as if they had been in a dream.
I asked myself had these latter things indeed happened?

I rose and walked unsteadily up the steep incline of the bridge.
My muscles and nerves seemed drained of their strength.
I dare say I staggered drunkenly.
A head rose over the arch, and the figure of a workman carrying a basket appeared.
He passed me, wishing me good night.
I was minded to speak to him, but did not.
I answered his greeting with a meaningless mumble and went on over the bridge.

A dim group of people talked in the gate of one of the houses in the pretty little row of gables that was called Oriental Terrace.
It was all so real and so familiar.
Such things, I told myself, could not be.

Perhaps I am a man of exceptional moods.
I do not know how far my experience is common.
At times I suffer from the strangest sense of detachment from myself and the world about me; I seem to watch it all from the outside, from somewhere inconceivably remote, out of time, out of space, out of the stress and tragedy of it all.
This feeling was very strong upon me that night.
Here was another side to my dream.

But the trouble was the blank incongruity of this serenity and the swift death flying yonder, not two miles away.
There was a noise of business from the gasworks, and the electric lamps were all alight.
I stopped at the group of people.

There were two men and a woman at the gate.

I tried and found I could not tell them what I had seen.
They laughed again at my broken sentences.

I startled my wife at the doorway, so haggard was I.
I went into the dining room, sat down, drank some wine, and so soon as I could collect myself sufficiently I told her the things I had seen.
The dinner, which was a cold one, had already been served, and remained neglected on the table while I told my story.

They may keep the pit and kill people who come near them, but they cannot get out of it.

My wife at least did not find my experience incredible.
When I saw how deadly white her face was, I ceased abruptly.

I pressed her to take wine, and tried to reassure her.

I began to comfort her and myself by repeating all that Ogilvy had told me of the impossibility of the Martians establishing themselves on the earth.
In particular I laid stress on the gravitational difficulty.
On the surface of the earth the force of gravity is three times what it is on the surface of Mars.
A Martian, therefore, would weigh three times more than on Mars, albeit his muscular strength would be the same.
His own body would be a cope of lead to him.
That, indeed, was the general opinion.

I did not know it, but that was the last civilised dinner I was to eat for very many strange and terrible days.

I have already described the behaviour of the men and women to whom I spoke.

Even at Woking station and Horsell and Chobham that was the case.

A curious crowd lingered restlessly, people coming and going but the crowd remaining, both on the Chobham and Horsell bridges.
Save for such, that big area of common was silent and desolate, and the charred bodies lay about on it all night under the stars, and all the next day.
A noise of hammering from the pit was heard by many people.

So you have the state of things on Friday night.
In the centre, sticking into the skin of our old planet Earth like a poisoned dart, was this cylinder.
But the poison was scarcely working yet.
Around it was a patch of silent common, smouldering in places, and with a few dark, dimly seen objects lying in contorted attitudes here and there.
Here and there was a burning bush or tree.
Beyond was a fringe of excitement, and farther than that fringe the inflammation had not crept as yet.
In the rest of the world the stream of life still flowed as it had flowed for immemorial years.
The fever of war that would presently clog vein and artery, deaden nerve and destroy brain, had still to develop.

A few seconds after midnight the crowd in the Chertsey road, Woking, saw a star fall from heaven into the pine woods to the northwest.
It had a greenish colour, and caused a silent brightness like summer lightning.

Saturday lives in my memory as a day of suspense.
It was a day of lassitude too, hot and close, with, I am told, a rapidly fluctuating barometer.
I had slept but little, though my wife had succeeded in sleeping, and I rose early.
I went into my garden before breakfast and stood listening, but towards the common there was nothing stirring but a lark.

I heard the rattle of his chariot and I went round to the side gate to ask the latest news.
He told me that during the night the Martians had been surrounded by troops, and that guns were expected.

I saw my neighbour gardening, chatted with him for a time, and then strolled in to breakfast.
It was a most unexceptional morning.
My neighbour was of opinion that the troops would be able to capture or to destroy the Martians during the day.

He came up to the fence and extended a handful of strawberries, for his gardening was as generous as it was enthusiastic.
At the same time he told me of the burning of the pine woods about the Byfleet Golf Links.

This lot'll cost the insurance people a pretty penny before everything's settled.
The woods, he said, were still burning, and pointed out a haze of smoke to me.

After breakfast, instead of working, I decided to walk down towards the common.
They told me no one was allowed over the canal, and, looking along the road towards the bridge, I saw one of the Cardigan men standing sentinel there.
I talked with these soldiers for a time; I told them of my sight of the Martians on the previous evening.
None of them had seen the Martians, and they had but the vaguest ideas of them, so that they plied me with questions.
They said that they did not know who had authorised the movements of the troops; their idea was that a dispute had arisen at the Horse Guards.
The ordinary sapper is a great deal better educated than the common soldier, and they discussed the peculiar conditions of the possible fight with some acuteness.

What we got to do is to go as near as the ground'll let us, and then drive a trench.

You always want trenches; you ought to ha' been born a rabbit Snippy.

Do it in a rush, that's my tip, and do it at once.

After a while I left them, and went on to the railway station to get as many morning papers as I could.

But I will not weary the reader with a description of that long morning and of the longer afternoon.
I did not succeed in getting a glimpse of the common, for even Horsell and Chobham church towers were in the hands of the military authorities.
The soldiers I addressed didn't know anything; the officers were mysterious as well as busy.
I found people in the town quite secure again in the presence of the military, and I heard for the first time from Marshall, the tobacconist, that his son was among the dead on the common.
The soldiers had made the people on the outskirts of Horsell lock up and leave their houses.

I got back to lunch about two, very tired for, as I have said, the day was extremely hot and dull; and in order to refresh myself I took a cold bath in the afternoon.
About half past four I went up to the railway station to get an evening paper, for the morning papers had contained only a very inaccurate description of the killing of Stent, Henderson, Ogilvy, and the others.
But there was little I didn't know.
The Martians did not show an inch of themselves.
They seemed busy in their pit, and there was a sound of hammering and an almost continuous streamer of smoke.
Apparently they were busy getting ready for a struggle.
A sapper told me it was done by a man in a ditch with a flag on a long pole.
The Martians took as much notice of such advances as we should of the lowing of a cow.

At that I gripped my wife's arm, and without ceremony ran her out into the road.
Then I fetched out the servant, telling her I would go upstairs myself for the box she was clamouring for.

She looked away from me downhill.
The people were coming out of their houses, astonished.

I ran, for I perceived that in a moment everyone upon this side of the hill would be moving.
I found him in his bar, quite unaware of what was going on behind his house.
A man stood with his back to me, talking to him.

Two pounds, and you bring it back?

I explained hastily that I had to leave my home, and so secured the dog cart.
At the time it did not seem to me nearly so urgent that the landlord should leave his.
I took care to have the cart there and then, drove it off down the road, and, leaving it in charge of my wife and servant, rushed into my house and packed a few valuables, such plate as we had, and so forth.
The beech trees below the house were burning while I did this, and the palings up the road glowed red.
While I was occupied in this way, one of the dismounted hussars came running up.
He was going from house to house, warning people to leave.
He was going on as I came out of my front door, lugging my treasures, done up in a tablecloth.

A sudden whirl of black smoke driving across the road hid him for a moment.
I ran to my neighbour's door and rapped to satisfy myself of what I already knew, that his wife had gone to London with him and had locked up their house.
I went in again, according to my promise, to get my servant's box, lugged it out, clapped it beside her on the tail of the dog cart, and then caught the reins and jumped up into the driver's seat beside my wife.
In another moment we were clear of the smoke and noise, and spanking down the opposite slope of Maybury Hill towards Old Woking.

In front was a quiet sunny landscape, a wheat field ahead on either side of the road, and the Maybury Inn with its swinging sign.
I saw the doctor's cart ahead of me.
At the bottom of the hill I turned my head to look at the hillside I was leaving.
Thick streamers of black smoke shot with threads of red fire were driving up into the still air, and throwing dark shadows upon the green treetops eastward.
The road was dotted with people running towards us.

I am not an expert driver, and I had immediately to turn my attention to the horse.
When I looked back again the second hill had hidden the black smoke.
I slashed the horse with the whip, and gave him a loose rein until Woking and Send lay between us and that quivering tumult.
I overtook and passed the doctor between Woking and Send.

My wife was curiously silent throughout the drive, and seemed oppressed with forebodings of evil.
I talked to her reassuringly, pointing out that the Martians were tied to the Pit by sheer heaviness, and at the utmost could but crawl a little out of it; but she answered only in monosyllables.
Had it not been for my promise to the innkeeper, she would, I think, have urged me to stay in Leatherhead that night.
Her face, I remember, was very white as we parted.

For my own part, I had been feverishly excited all day.
Something very like the war fever that occasionally runs through a civilised community had got into my blood, and in my heart I was not so very sorry that I had to return to Maybury that night.
I was even afraid that that last fusillade I had heard might mean the extermination of our invaders from Mars.
I can best express my state of mind by saying that I wanted to be in at the death.

It was nearly eleven when I started to return.
The night was unexpectedly dark; to me, walking out of the lighted passage of my cousins' house, it seemed indeed black, and it was as hot and close as the day.
Overhead the clouds were driving fast, albeit not a breath stirred the shrubs about us.
My cousins' man lit both lamps.
Happily, I knew the road intimately.
My wife stood in the light of the doorway, and watched me until I jumped up into the dog cart.
Then abruptly she turned and went in, leaving my cousins side by side wishing me good hap.

I was a little depressed at first with the contagion of my wife's fears, but very soon my thoughts reverted to the Martians.
At that time I was absolutely in the dark as to the course of the evening's fighting.
I did not know even the circumstances that had precipitated the conflict.
The driving clouds of the gathering thunderstorm mingled there with masses of black and red smoke.

From Ripley until I came through Pyrford I was in the valley of the Wey, and the red glare was hidden from me.
As I ascended the little hill beyond Pyrford Church the glare came into view again, and the trees about me shivered with the first intimation of the storm that was upon me.

Even as I beheld this a lurid green glare lit the road about me and showed the distant woods towards Addlestone.
I saw that the driving clouds had been pierced as it were by a thread of green fire, suddenly lighting their confusion and falling into the field to my left.
It was the third falling star!

Close on its apparition, and blindingly violet by contrast, danced out the first lightning of the gathering storm, and the thunder burst like a rocket overhead.
The horse took the bit between his teeth and bolted.

Seen nearer, the Thing was incredibly strange, for it was no mere insensate machine driving on its way.
It picked its road as it went striding along, and the brazen hood that surmounted it moved to and fro with the inevitable suggestion of a head looking about.
Behind the main body was a huge mass of white metal like a gigantic fisherman's basket, and puffs of green smoke squirted out from the joints of the limbs as the monster swept by me.
And in an instant it was gone.

So much I saw then, all vaguely for the flickering of the lightning, in blinding highlights and dense black shadows.

I have no doubt this Thing in the field was the third of the ten cylinders they had fired at us from Mars.

For some minutes I lay there in the rain and darkness watching, by the intermittent light, these monstrous beings of metal moving about in the distance over the hedge tops.
A thin hail was now beginning, and as it came and went their figures grew misty and then flashed into clearness again.
Now and then came a gap in the lightning, and the night swallowed them up.

I was soaked with hail above and puddle water below.
It was some time before my blank astonishment would let me struggle up the bank to a drier position, or think at all of my imminent peril.

I struggled to my feet at last, and, crouching and making use of every chance of cover, I made a run for this.

Under cover of this I pushed on, wet and shivering now, towards my own house.
I walked among the trees trying to find the footpath.
It was very dark indeed in the wood, for the lightning was now becoming infrequent, and the hail, which was pouring down in a torrent, fell in columns through the gaps in the heavy foliage.

I had a vague idea of going on to my own house, and that was as much motive as I had.
I staggered through the trees, fell into a ditch and bruised my knees against a plank, and finally splashed out into the lane that ran down from the College Arms.
I say splashed, for the storm water was sweeping the sand down the hill in a muddy torrent.
There in the darkness a man blundered into me and sent me reeling back.

He gave a cry of terror, sprang sideways, and rushed on before I could gather my wits sufficiently to speak to him.
So heavy was the stress of the storm just at this place that I had the hardest task to win my way up the hill.
I went close up to the fence on the left and worked my way along its palings.

Near the top I stumbled upon something soft, and, by a flash of lightning, saw between my feet a heap of black broadcloth and a pair of boots.
Before I could distinguish clearly how the man lay, the flicker of light had passed.
I stood over him waiting for the next flash.
When it came, I saw that he was a sturdy man, cheaply but not shabbily dressed; his head was bent under his body, and he lay crumpled up close to the fence, as though he had been flung violently against it.

Overcoming the repugnance natural to one who had never before touched a dead body, I stooped and turned him over to feel for his heart.
Apparently his neck had been broken.
The lightning flashed for a third time, and his face leaped upon me.
It was the landlord of the Spotted Dog, whose conveyance I had taken.

I stepped over him gingerly and pushed on up the hill.
I made my way by the police station and the College Arms towards my own house.
Nothing was burning on the hillside, though from the common there still came a red glare and a rolling tumult of ruddy smoke beating up against the drenching hail.
So far as I could see by the flashes, the houses about me were mostly uninjured.
By the College Arms a dark heap lay in the road.

Down the road towards Maybury Bridge there were voices and the sound of feet, but I had not the courage to shout or to go to them.
I let myself in with my latchkey, closed, locked and bolted the door, staggered to the foot of the staircase, and sat down.
My imagination was full of those striding metallic monsters, and of the dead body smashed against the fence.

I crouched at the foot of the staircase with my back to the wall, shivering violently.

I have already said that my storms of emotion have a trick of exhausting themselves.
After a time I discovered that I was cold and wet, and with little pools of water about me on the stair carpet.
I got up almost mechanically, went into the dining room and drank some whiskey, and then I was moved to change my clothes.

After I had done that I went upstairs to my study, but why I did so I do not know.
The window of my study looks over the trees and the railway towards Horsell Common.
In the hurry of our departure this window had been left open.
The passage was dark, and, by contrast with the picture the window frame enclosed, the side of the room seemed impenetrably dark.
I stopped short in the doorway.

The towers of the Oriental College and the pine trees about it had gone, and very far away, lit by a vivid red glare, the common about the sand pits was visible.
Across the light huge black shapes, grotesque and strange, moved busily to and fro.

Every now and then a haze of smoke from some nearer conflagration drove across the window and hid the Martian shapes.
I could not see what they were doing, nor the clear form of them, nor recognise the black objects they were busied upon.
Neither could I see the nearer fire, though the reflections of it danced on the wall and ceiling of the study.
A sharp, resinous tang of burning was in the air.

I closed the door noiselessly and crept towards the window.
As I did so, the view opened out until, on the one hand, it reached to the houses about Woking station, and on the other to the charred and blackened pine woods of Byfleet.
There was a light down below the hill, on the railway, near the arch, and several of the houses along the Maybury road and the streets near the station were glowing ruins.
The light upon the railway puzzled me at first; there were a black heap and a vivid glare, and to the right of that a row of yellow oblongs.
Then I perceived this was a wrecked train, the fore part smashed and on fire, the hinder carriages still upon the rails.

It was the strangest spectacle, that black expanse set with fire.
It reminded me, more than anything else, of the Potteries at night.
At first I could distinguish no people at all, though I peered intently for them.
Later I saw against the light of Woking station a number of black figures hurrying one after the other across the line.

I began to ask myself what they could be.
Were they intelligent mechanisms?
Such a thing I felt was impossible.
Or did a Martian sit within each, ruling, directing, using, much as a man's brain sits and rules in his body?
I began to compare the things to human machines, to ask myself for the first time in my life how an ironclad or a steam engine would seem to an intelligent lower animal.

The storm had left the sky clear, and over the smoke of the burning land the little fading pinpoint of Mars was dropping into the west, when a soldier came into my garden.
I heard a slight scraping at the fence, and rousing myself from the lethargy that had fallen upon me, I looked down and saw him dimly, clambering over the palings.
At the sight of another human being my torpor passed, and I leaned out of the window eagerly.

He stopped astride of the fence in doubt.
Then he came over and across the lawn to the corner of the house.
He bent down and stepped softly.

I went down, unfastened the door, and let him in, and locked the door again.
He was hatless, and his coat was unbuttoned.

The gun he drove had been unlimbered near Horsell, in order to command the sand pits, and its arrival it was that had precipitated the action.
As the limber gunners went to the rear, his horse trod in a rabbit hole and came down, throwing him into a depression of the ground.
At the same moment the gun exploded behind him, the ammunition blew up, there was fire all about him, and he found himself lying under a heap of charred dead men and dead horses.

I was hurt across the back by the fall of the horse, and there I had to lie until I felt better.

In a few minutes there was, so far as the soldier could see, not a living thing left upon the common, and every bush and tree upon it that was not already a blackened skeleton was burning.
The hussars had been on the road beyond the curvature of the ground, and he saw nothing of them.
He heard the Martians rattle for a time and then become still.
As it did so a second glittering Titan built itself up out of the pit.

The second monster followed the first, and at that the artilleryman began to crawl very cautiously across the hot heather ash towards Horsell.
He managed to get alive into the ditch by the side of the road, and so escaped to Woking.
There his story became ejaculatory.
It seems there were a few people alive there, frantic for the most part and many burned and scalded.
He was turned aside by the fire, and hid among some almost scorching heaps of broken wall as one of the Martian giants returned.
He saw this one pursue a man, catch him up in one of its steely tentacles, and knock his head against the trunk of a pine tree.
At last, after nightfall, the artilleryman made a rush for it and got over the railway embankment.

Since then he had been skulking along towards Maybury, in the hope of getting out of danger Londonward.
People were hiding in trenches and cellars, and many of the survivors had made off towards Woking village and Send.
He had been consumed with thirst until he found one of the water mains near the railway arch smashed, and the water bubbling out like a spring upon the road.

That was the story I got from him, bit by bit.
He grew calmer telling me and trying to make me see the things he had seen.
He had eaten no food since midday, he told me early in his narrative, and I found some mutton and bread in the pantry and brought it into the room.
We lit no lamp for fear of attracting the Martians, and ever and again our hands would touch upon bread or meat.
As he talked, things about us came darkly out of the darkness, and the trampled bushes and broken rose trees outside the window grew distinct.
It would seem that a number of men or animals had rushed across the lawn.
I began to see his face, blackened and haggard, as no doubt mine was also.

Beyond were the pillars of fire about Chobham.
They became pillars of bloodshot smoke at the first touch of day.

As the dawn grew brighter we withdrew from the window from which we had watched the Martians, and went very quietly downstairs.

Between us and Leatherhead, however, lay the third cylinder, with its guarding giants.
Had I been alone, I think I should have taken my chance and struck across country.
Thence I would make a big detour by Epsom to reach Leatherhead.

I should have started at once, but my companion had been in active service and he knew better than that.
He made me ransack the house for a flask, which he filled with whiskey; and we lined every available pocket with packets of biscuits and slices of meat.
At the corner turning up towards the post office a little cart, filled with boxes and furniture, and horseless, heeled over on a broken wheel.
A cash box had been hastily smashed open and thrown under the debris.

Except the lodge at the Orphanage, which was still on fire, none of the houses had suffered very greatly here.
Yet, save ourselves, there did not seem to be a living soul on Maybury Hill.

We went down the lane, by the body of the man in black, sodden now from the overnight hail, and broke into the woods at the foot of the hill.
We pushed through these towards the railway without meeting a soul.
The woods across the line were but the scarred and blackened ruins of woods; for the most part the trees had fallen, but a certain proportion still stood, dismal grey stems, with dark brown foliage instead of green.

On our side the fire had done no more than scorch the nearer trees; it had failed to secure its footing.
Hard by was a temporary hut, deserted.
There was not a breath of wind this morning, and everything was strangely still.
Even the birds were hushed, and as we hurried along I and the artilleryman talked in whispers and looked now and again over our shoulders.
Once or twice we stopped to listen.

After a time we drew near the road, and as we did so we heard the clatter of hoofs and saw through the tree stems three cavalry soldiers riding slowly towards Woking.
We hailed them, and they halted while we hurried towards them.
It was a lieutenant and a couple of privates of the 8th Hussars, with a stand like a theodolite, which the artilleryman told me was a heliograph.

His voice and face were eager.
The men behind him stared curiously.
The artilleryman jumped down the bank into the road and saluted.

Trying to rejoin battery, sir.
You'll come in sight of the Martians, I expect, about half a mile along this road.

Three legs and a body like 'luminium, with a mighty great head in a hood, sir.

They carry a kind of box, sir, that shoots fire and strikes you dead.

Halfway through, the lieutenant interrupted him and looked up at me.
I was still standing on the bank by the side of the road.

He thanked me and rode on, and we saw them no more.

Farther along we came upon a group of three women and two children in the road, busy clearing out a labourer's cottage.
They were all too assiduously engaged to talk to us as we passed.

The men stood almost as if under inspection.

The soldier had left him, and he was still standing by his box, with the pots of orchids on the lid of it, and staring vaguely over the trees.

We remained at Weybridge until midday, and at that hour we found ourselves at the place near Shepperton Lock where the Wey and Thames join.
Part of the time we spent helping two old women to pack a little cart.
The Wey has a treble mouth, and at this point boats are to be hired, and there was a ferry across the river.

Here we found an excited and noisy crowd of fugitives.
As yet the flight had not grown to a panic, but there were already far more people than all the boats going to and fro could enable to cross.
People came panting along under heavy burdens; one husband and wife were even carrying a small outhouse door between them, with some of their household goods piled thereon.
One man told us he meant to try to get away from Shepperton station.

There was a lot of shouting, and one man was even jesting.
The idea people seemed to have here was that the Martians were simply formidable human beings, who might attack and sack the town, to be certainly destroyed in the end.
Every now and then people would glance nervously across the Wey, at the meadows towards Chertsey, but everything over there was still.

Across the Thames, except just where the boats landed, everything was quiet, in vivid contrast with the Surrey side.
The people who landed there from the boats went tramping off down the lane.
The big ferryboat had just made a journey.
Three or four soldiers stood on the lawn of the inn, staring and jesting at the fugitives, without offering to help.
The inn was closed, as it was now within prohibited hours.

There was no screaming or shouting, but a silence.
A man, too frightened to drop the portmanteau he carried on his shoulder, swung round and sent me staggering with a blow from the corner of his burden.
A woman thrust at me with her hand and rushed past me.
I turned with the rush of the people, but I was not too terrified for thought.

I faced about again, and rushed towards the approaching Martian, rushed right down the gravelly beach and headlong into the water.
A boatload of people putting back came leaping out as I rushed past.
Then, as the Martian towered overhead scarcely a couple of hundred yards away, I flung myself forward under the surface.
The splashes of the people in the boats leaping into the river sounded like thunderclaps in my ears.
People were landing hastily on both sides of the river.
But the Martian machine took no more notice for the moment of the people running this way and that than a man would of the confusion of ants in a nest against which his foot has kicked.

In another moment it was on the bank, and in a stride wading halfway across.
The knees of its foremost legs bent at the farther bank, and in another moment it had raised itself to its full height again, close to the village of Shepperton.
Forthwith the six guns which, unknown to anyone on the right bank, had been hidden behind the outskirts of that village, fired simultaneously.
The sudden near concussion, the last close upon the first, made my heart jump.

The shell burst clean in the face of the Thing.
The hood bulged, flashed, was whirled off in a dozen tattered fragments of red flesh and glittering metal.

I heard answering shouts from the people in the water about me.
I could have leaped out of the water with that momentary exultation.

A violent explosion shook the air, and a spout of water, steam, mud, and shattered metal shot far up into the sky.
In another moment a huge wave, like a muddy tidal bore but almost scaldingly hot, came sweeping round the bend upstream.
I saw people struggling shorewards, and heard their screaming and shouting faintly above the seething and roar of the Martian's collapse.

I splashed through the tumultuous water, pushing aside a man in black to do so, until I could see round the bend.
Half a dozen deserted boats pitched aimlessly upon the confusion of the waves.
The fallen Martian came into sight downstream, lying across the river, and for the most part submerged.

When for a moment I raised my head to take breath and throw the hair and water from my eyes, the steam was rising in a whirling white fog that at first hid the Martians altogether.
Then I saw them dimly, colossal figures of grey, magnified by the mist.
They had passed by me, and two were stooping over the frothing, tumultuous ruins of their comrade.

The third and fourth stood beside him in the water, one perhaps two hundred yards from me, the other towards Laleham.

The nearer houses still stood intact, awaiting their fate, shadowy, faint and pallid in the steam, with the fire behind them going to and fro.

The houses caved in as they dissolved at its touch, and darted out flames; the trees changed to fire with a roar.
The Ray flickered up and down the towing path, licking off the people who ran this way and that, and came down to the water's edge not fifty yards from where I stood.
It swept across the river to Shepperton, and the water in its track rose in a boiling weal crested with steam.

I screamed aloud, and scalded, half blinded, agonised, I staggered through the leaping, hissing water towards the shore.
Had my foot stumbled, it would have been the end.
I fell helplessly, in full sight of the Martians, upon the broad, bare gravelly spit that runs down to mark the angle of the Wey and Thames.

The hot water from the Martian's overthrow drifted downstream with me, so that for the best part of a mile I could see little of either bank.
Once, however, I made out a string of black figures hurrying across the meadows from the direction of Weybridge.
Halliford, it seemed, was deserted, and several of the houses facing the river were on fire.
It was strange to see the place quite tranquil, quite desolate under the hot blue sky, with the smoke and little threads of flame going straight up into the heat of the afternoon.
Never before had I seen houses burning without the accompaniment of an obstructive crowd.
A little farther on the dry reeds up the bank were smoking and glowing, and a line of fire inland was marching steadily across a late field of hay.

For a long time I drifted, so painful and weary was I after the violence I had been through, and so intense the heat upon the water.
Then my fears got the better of me again, and I resumed my paddling.
The sun scorched my bare back.
At last, as the bridge at Walton was coming into sight round the bend, my fever and faintness overcame my fears, and I landed on the Middlesex bank and lay down, deadly sick, amid the long grass.
I suppose the time was then about four or five o'clock.
I got up presently, walked perhaps half a mile without meeting a soul, and then lay down again in the shadow of a hedge.
I seem to remember talking, wanderingly, to myself during that last spurt.
I was also very thirsty, and bitterly regretful I had drunk no more water.
It is a curious thing that I felt angry with my wife; I cannot account for it, but my impotent desire to reach Leatherhead worried me excessively.

I sat up, and at the rustle of my motion he looked at me quickly.

For a moment we were silent, taking stock of each other.
His face was a fair weakness, his chin retreated, and his hair lay in crisp, almost flaxen curls on his low forehead; his eyes were rather large, pale blue, and blankly staring.
He spoke abruptly, looking vacantly away from me.

I stared at him and made no answer.

He extended a thin white hand and spoke in almost a complaining tone.

As if it were Sodom and Gomorrah!

He gripped his knees and turned to look at me again.
For half a minute, perhaps, he stared silently.

He relapsed into silence, with his chin now sunken almost to his knees.

We rebuilt it only three years ago.

Another pause, and he broke out again like one demented.

His eyes flamed, and he pointed a lean finger in the direction of Weybridge.

By this time I was beginning to take his measure.

Has the earth been given over to them?

I began to explain my view of our position.
He listened at first, but as I went on the interest dawning in his eyes gave place to their former stare, and his regard wandered from me.

The great and terrible day of the Lord!

I began to understand the position.
I ceased my laboured reasoning, struggled to my feet, and, standing over him, laid my hand on his shoulder.

What good is religion if it collapses under calamity?
Think of what earthquakes and floods, wars and volcanoes, have done before to men!
Did you think God had exempted Weybridge?

For a time he sat in blank silence.

One of them was killed yonder not three hours ago.

That flicker in the sky tells of the gathering storm.
Yonder, I take it are the Martians, and Londonward, where those hills rise about Richmond and Kingston and the trees give cover, earthworks are being thrown up and guns are being placed.
Presently the Martians will be coming this way again.

And even as I spoke he sprang to his feet and stopped me by a gesture.

From beyond the low hills across the water came the dull resonance of distant guns and a remote weird crying.
A cockchafer came droning over the hedge and past us.
High in the west the crescent moon hung faint and pale above the smoke of Weybridge and Shepperton and the hot, still splendour of the sunset.

Of course all the students in the crammer's biology class, to which my brother went that day, were intensely interested, but there were no signs of any unusual excitement in the streets.
The afternoon papers puffed scraps of news under big headlines.
They had nothing to tell beyond the movements of troops about the common, and the burning of the pine woods between Woking and Weybridge, until eight.
This was thought to be due to the falling of burning pine trees across the line.
Nothing more of the fighting was known that night, the night of my drive to Leatherhead and back.

My brother felt no anxiety about us, as he knew from the description in the papers that the cylinder was a good two miles from my house.
He made up his mind to run down that night to me, in order, as he says, to see the Things before they were killed.
He dispatched a telegram, which never reached me, about four o'clock, and spent the evening at a music hall.

Plenty of Londoners did not hear of the Martians until the panic of Monday morning.
Those who did took some time to realise all that the hastily worded telegrams in the Sunday papers conveyed.
The majority of people in London do not read Sunday papers.

None of the telegrams could have been written by an eyewitness of their advance.
The Sunday papers printed separate editions as further news came to hand, some even in default of it.
But there was practically nothing more to tell people until late in the afternoon, when the authorities gave the press agencies the news in their possession.
It was stated that the people of Walton and Weybridge, and all the district were pouring along the roads Londonward, and that was all.

One or two trains came in from Richmond, Putney, and Kingston, containing people who had gone out for a day's boating and found the locks closed and a feeling of panic in the air.
A man in a blue and white blazer addressed my brother, full of strange tidings.

We heard guns firing at Hampton Court station, but we thought it was thunder.
What the dickens does it all mean?
The Martians can't get out of their pit, can they?

My brother could not tell him.

These were the guns that were brought up from Woolwich and Chatham to cover Kingston.
A little while after that a squad of police came into the station and began to clear the public off the platforms, and my brother went out into the street again.

The church bells were ringing for evensong, and a squad of Salvation Army lassies came singing down Waterloo Road.
On the bridge a number of loafers were watching a curious brown scum that came drifting down the stream in patches.
There was talk of a floating body.
One of the men there, a reservist he said he was, told my brother he had seen the heliograph flickering in the west.

Five of the machines had been seen moving towards the Thames, and one, by a happy chance, had been destroyed.
Heavy losses of soldiers were mentioned, but the tone of the dispatch was optimistic.

This was printed in enormous type on paper so fresh that it was still wet, and there had been no time to add a word of comment.
It was curious, my brother said, to see how ruthlessly the usual contents of the paper had been hacked and taken out to give this place.

Going on along the Strand to Trafalgar Square, the paper in his hand, my brother saw some of the fugitives from West Surrey.
There was a man with his wife and two boys and some articles of furniture in a cart such as greengrocers use.
People in fashionable clothing peeped at them out of cabs.
They stopped at the Square as if undecided which way to take, and finally turned eastward along the Strand.
He was dirty and white in the face.

My brother turned down towards Victoria, and met a number of such people.
He had a vague idea that he might see something of me.
He noticed an unusual number of police regulating the traffic.
Some of the refugees were exchanging news with the people on the omnibuses.
One was professing to have seen the Martians.

None of them could tell him any news of Woking except one man, who assured him that Woking had been entirely destroyed on the previous night.

Then we heard the guns at Chertsey, and folks coming from Weybridge.
So I've locked up my house and come on.

About eight o'clock a noise of heavy firing was distinctly audible all over the south of London.
My brother could not hear it for the traffic in the main thoroughfares, but by striking through the quiet back streets to the river he was able to distinguish it quite plainly.

He was restless, and after supper prowled out again aimlessly.
He returned and tried in vain to divert his attention to his examination notes.
He went to bed a little after midnight, and was awakened from lurid dreams in the small hours of Monday by the sound of door knockers, feet running in the street, distant drumming, and a clamour of bells.
Red reflections danced on the ceiling.
For a moment he lay astonished, wondering whether day had come or the world gone mad.
Then he jumped out of bed and ran to the window.

His room was an attic and as he thrust his head out, up and down the street there were a dozen echoes to the noise of his window sash, and heads in every kind of night disarray appeared.

They both craned their heads out of the window, straining to hear what the policemen were shouting.
People were coming out of the side streets, and standing in groups at the corners talking.

Pancras, and westward and northward in Kilburn and St.
It was the dawn of the great panic.
London, which had gone to bed on Sunday night oblivious and inert, was awakened, in the small hours of Monday morning, to a vivid sense of danger.

Unable from his window to learn what was happening, my brother went down and out into the street, just as the sky between the parapets of the houses grew pink with the early dawn.
The flying people on foot and in vehicles grew more numerous every moment.

That was all, but it was enough.

The bells of the neighbouring church made a jangling tumult, a cart carelessly driven smashed, amid shrieks and curses, against the water trough up the street.
Sickly yellow lights went to and fro in the houses, and some of the passing cabs flaunted unextinguished lamps.
And overhead the dawn was growing brighter, clear and steady and calm.

He heard footsteps running to and fro in the rooms, and up and down stairs behind him.
His landlady came to the door, loosely wrapped in dressing gown and shawl; her husband followed ejaculating.

It was this howling and firing of the guns at Ripley and St.
George's Hill that we had heard at Upper Halliford.

George's Hill men, however, were better led or of a better mettle.
Hidden by a pine wood as they were, they seem to have been quite unsuspected by the Martian nearest to them.
They laid their guns as deliberately as if they had been on parade, and fired at about a thousand yards' range.

It was a few minutes past nine that night when these three sentinels were joined by four other Martians, each carrying a thick black tube.
A similar tube was handed to each of the three, and the seven proceeded to distribute themselves at equal distances along a curved line between St.
George's Hill, Weybridge, and the village of Send, southwest of Ripley.

At this sight the curate cried faintly in his throat, and began running; but I knew it was no good running from a Martian, and I turned aside and crawled through dewy nettles and brambles into the broad ditch by the side of the road.
He looked back, saw what I was doing, and turned to join me.

The occasional howling of the Martians had ceased; they took up their positions in the huge crescent about their cylinders in absolute silence.
It was a crescent with twelve miles between its horns.
Never since the devising of gunpowder was the beginning of a battle so still.
George's Hill and the woods of Painshill.

Did they grasp that we in our millions were organized, disciplined, working together?
Or did they interpret our spurts of fire, the sudden stinging of our shells, our steady investment of their encampment, as we should the furious unanimity of onslaught in a disturbed hive of bees?
Did they dream they might exterminate us?
And in the back of my mind was the sense of all the huge unknown and hidden forces Londonward.
Were the powder mills at Hounslow ready as a snare?
Would the Londoners have the heart and courage to make a greater Moscow of their mighty province of houses?

Then, after an interminable time, as it seemed to us, crouching and peering through the hedge, came a sound like the distant concussion of a gun.
Another nearer, and then another.
And then the Martian beside us raised his tube on high and discharged it, gunwise, with a heavy report that made the ground heave.
The one towards Staines answered him.
There was no flash, no smoke, simply that loaded detonation.

As I did so a second report followed, and a big projectile hurtled overhead towards Hounslow.
I expected at least to see smoke or fire, or some such evidence of its work.
But all I saw was the deep blue sky above, with one solitary star, and the white mist spreading wide and low beneath.
And there had been no crash, no answering explosion.
The silence was restored; the minute lengthened to three.

A bat flickered by and vanished.
A distant tumult of shouting began and ceased.
I looked again at the Martian, and saw he was now moving eastward along the riverbank, with a swift, rolling motion.

Moved by a sudden thought, I looked northward, and there I perceived a third of these cloudy black kopjes had risen.

Everything had suddenly become very still.
Far away to the southeast, marking the quiet, we heard the Martians hooting to one another, and then the air quivered again with the distant thud of their guns.
But the earthly artillery made no reply.

But that was at Street Cobham, where the black vapour was allowed to remain until it sank of its own accord into the ground.
As a rule the Martians, when it had served its purpose, cleared the air of it again by wading into it and directing a jet of steam upon it.

So, setting about it as methodically as men might smoke out a wasps' nest, the Martians spread this strange stifling vapour over the Londonward country.
The horns of the crescent slowly moved apart, until at last they formed a line from Hanwell to Coombe and Malden.
All night through their destructive tubes advanced.
Never once, after the Martian at St.
George's Hill was brought down, did they give the artillery the ghost of a chance against them.

By midnight the blazing trees along the slopes of Richmond Park and the glare of Kingston Hill threw their light upon a network of black smoke, blotting out the whole valley of the Thames and extending as far as the eye could reach.
And through this two Martians slowly waded, and turned their hissing steam jets this way and that.

So he got out of the fury of the panic, and, skirting the Edgware Road, reached Edgware about seven, fasting and wearied, but well ahead of the crowd.
Along the road people were standing in the roadway, curious, wondering.
He was passed by a number of cyclists, some horsemen, and two motor cars.
A mile from Edgware the rim of the wheel broke, and the machine became unridable.
He left it by the roadside and trudged through the village.
There were shops half opened in the main street of the place, and people crowded on the pavement and in the doorways and windows, staring astonished at this extraordinary procession of fugitives that was beginning.
He succeeded in getting some food at an inn.

For a time he remained in Edgware not knowing what next to do.
The flying people increased in number.
Many of them, like my brother, seemed inclined to loiter in the place.
There was no fresh news of the invaders from Mars.

At that time the road was crowded, but as yet far from congested.
Most of the fugitives at that hour were mounted on cycles, but there were soon motor cars, hansom cabs, and carriages hurrying along, and the dust hung in heavy clouds along the road to St.

It was perhaps a vague idea of making his way to Chelmsford, where some friends of his lived, that at last induced my brother to strike into a quiet lane running eastward.
Presently he came upon a stile, and, crossing it, followed a footpath northeastward.
He passed near several farmhouses and some little places whose names he did not learn.
He saw few fugitives until, in a grass lane towards High Barnet, he happened upon two ladies who became his fellow travellers.
He came upon them just in time to save them.

Suddenly he stumbled and fell; his immediate pursuer went headlong, and he rose to his feet to find himself with a couple of antagonists again.
He would have had little chance against them had not the slender lady very pluckily pulled up and returned to his help.
It seems she had had a revolver all this time, but it had been under the seat when she and her companion were attacked.
She fired at six yards' distance, narrowly missing my brother.
The less courageous of the robbers made off, and his companion followed him, cursing his cowardice.
They both stopped in sight down the lane, where the third man lay insensible.

The robbers had evidently had enough of it.
When my brother looked again they were retreating.

In another moment a bend in the road hid the three men from my brother's eyes.

He learned they were the wife and the younger sister of a surgeon living at Stanmore, who had come in the small hours from a dangerous case at Pinner, and heard at some railway station on his way of the Martian advance.
He stopped behind to tell the neighbours.
He would overtake them, he said, at about half past four in the morning, and now it was nearly nine and they had seen nothing of him.
They could not stop in Edgware because of the growing traffic through the place, and so they had come into this side lane.

That was the story they told my brother in fragments when presently they stopped again, nearer to New Barnet.

They made a sort of encampment by the wayside, and the pony became happy in the hedge.
He told them of his own escape out of London, and all that he knew of these Martians and their ways.
The sun crept higher in the sky, and after a time their talk died out and gave place to an uneasy state of anticipation.
Several wayfarers came along the lane, and of these my brother gathered such news as he could.
Every broken answer he had deepened his impression of the great disaster that had come on humanity, deepened his persuasion of the immediate necessity for prosecuting this flight.
He urged the matter upon them.

Her eyes met my brother's, and her hesitation ended.

So, designing to cross the Great North Road, they went on towards Barnet, my brother leading the pony to save it as much as possible.
As the sun crept up the sky the day became excessively hot, and under foot a thick, whitish sand grew burning and blinding, so that they travelled only very slowly.
The hedges were grey with dust.
And as they advanced towards Barnet a tumultuous murmuring grew stronger.

They began to meet more people.
For the most part these were staring before them, murmuring indistinct questions, jaded, haggard, unclean.
One man in evening dress passed them on foot, his eyes on the ground.
They heard his voice, and, looking back at him, saw one hand clutched in his hair and the other beating invisible things.
His paroxysm of rage over, he went on his way without once looking back.

It was like riding into the smoke of a fire to approach the meeting point of the lane and road; the crowd roared like a fire, and the dust was hot and pungent.
And, indeed, a little way up the road a villa was burning and sending rolling masses of black smoke across the road to add to the confusion.

Then a dirty woman, carrying a heavy bundle and weeping.
A lost retriever dog, with hanging tongue, circled dubiously round them, scared and wretched, and fled at my brother's threat.

One man's hands pressed on the back of another.
My brother stood at the pony's head.
Irresistibly attracted, he advanced slowly, pace by pace, down the lane.

Edgware had been a scene of confusion, Chalk Farm a riotous tumult, but this was a whole population in movement.
It is hard to imagine that host.
It had no character of its own.
The figures poured out past the corner, and receded with their backs to the group in the lane.
Along the margin came those who were on foot threatened by the wheels, stumbling in the ditches, blundering into one another.

A brewer's dray rumbled by with its two near wheels splashed with fresh blood.

But varied as its composition was, certain things all that host had in common.
There were fear and pain on their faces, and fear behind them.
A tumult up the road, a quarrel for a place in a waggon, sent the whole host of them quickening their pace; even a man so scared and broken that his knees bent under him was galvanised for a moment into renewed activity.
The heat and dust had already been at work upon this multitude.
Their skins were dry, their lips black and cracked.
They were all thirsty, weary, and footsore.
And amid the various cries one heard disputes, reproaches, groans of weariness and fatigue; the voices of most of them were hoarse and weak.

Few stopped and came aside from that flood.
The lane opened slantingly into the main road with a narrow opening, and had a delusive appearance of coming from the direction of London.
Yet a kind of eddy of people drove into its mouth; weaklings elbowed out of the stream, who for the most part rested but a moment before plunging into it again.
A little way down the lane, with two friends bending over him, lay a man with a bare leg, wrapped about with bloody rags.
He was a lucky man to have friends.

My brother woke from his torpor of astonishment and lifted her up, speaking gently to her, and carried her to Miss Elphinstone.
So soon as my brother touched her she became quite still, as if frightened.

The people crushed back on one another to avoid the horse.
My brother pushed the pony and chaise back into the hedge, and the man drove by and stopped at the turn of the way.
It was a carriage, with a pole for a pair of horses, but only one was in the traces.
My brother saw dimly through the dust that two men lifted out something on a white stretcher and put it gently on the grass beneath the privet hedge.

One of the men came running to my brother.

The man pushed against the crowd towards the gate of the corner house.

They rolled hither and thither among the struggling feet of men and horses.
The man stopped and looked stupidly at the heap, and the shaft of a cab struck his shoulder and sent him reeling.
He gave a shriek and dodged back, and a cartwheel shaved him narrowly.

So soon as the cab had passed, he flung himself, with both hands open, upon the heap of coins, and began thrusting handfuls in his pocket.
A horse rose close upon him, and in another moment, half rising, he had been borne down under the horse's hoofs.

Before he could get to it, he heard a scream under the wheels, and saw through the dust the rim passing over the poor wretch's back.
The driver of the cart slashed his whip at my brother, who ran round behind the cart.
The multitudinous shouting confused his ears.
The man was writhing in the dust among his scattered money, unable to rise, for the wheel had broken his back, and his lower limbs lay limp and dead.
My brother stood up and yelled at the next driver, and a man on a black horse came to his assistance.

There was a smash as the pole of a carriage crashed into the cart that the man on horseback stopped.
My brother looked up, and the man with the gold twisted his head round and bit the wrist that held his collar.
There was a concussion, and the black horse came staggering sideways, and the carthorse pushed beside it.
A hoof missed my brother's foot by a hair's breadth.
He released his grip on the fallen man and jumped back.
He saw anger change to terror on the face of the poor wretch on the ground, and in a moment he was hidden and my brother was borne backward and carried past the entrance of the lane, and had to fight hard in the torrent to recover it.

For the second time that day this girl proved her quality.
To force their way into the torrent of people, my brother plunged into the traffic and held back a cab horse, while she drove the pony across its head.
A waggon locked wheels for a moment and ripped a long splinter from the chaise.
In another moment they were caught and swept forward by the stream.
My brother, with the cabman's whip marks red across his face and hands, scrambled into the chaise and took the reins from her.

Then he began to look out for a chance of edging to the right across the road.
But once in the stream he seemed to lose volition, to become a part of that dusty rout.
They swept through Chipping Barnet with the torrent; they were nearly a mile beyond the centre of the town before they had fought across to the opposite side of the way.
It was din and confusion indescribable; but in and beyond the town the road forks repeatedly, and this to some extent relieved the stress.

Near this place they halted for the rest of the afternoon, for the violence of the day had already utterly exhausted all three of them.
They began to suffer the beginnings of hunger; the night was cold, and none of them dared to sleep.
And in the evening many people came hurrying along the road nearby their stopping place, fleeing from unknown dangers before them, and going in the direction from which my brother had come.

Over Ealing, Richmond, Wimbledon, it would have seemed as if some monstrous pen had flung ink upon the chart.

Of the falling of the fifth cylinder I have presently to tell.
The sixth star fell at Wimbledon.
My brother, keeping watch beside the women in the chaise in a meadow, saw the green flash of it far beyond the hills.
On Tuesday the little party, still set upon getting across the sea, made its way through the swarming country towards Colchester.
The news that the Martians were now in possession of the whole of London was confirmed.
They had been seen at Highgate, and even, it was said, at Neasden.
But they did not come into my brother's view until the morrow.

He was also told that the Midland Railway Company had replaced the desertions of the first day's panic, had resumed traffic, and was running northward trains from St.
Albans to relieve the congestion of the home counties.
But this intelligence did not deter him from the plan of escape he had formed, and the three pressed eastward all day, and heard no more of the bread distribution than this promise.
Nor, as a matter of fact, did anyone else hear more of it.
That night fell the seventh star, falling upon Primrose Hill.
It fell while Miss Elphinstone was watching, for she took that duty alternately with my brother.

Here there were rumours of Martians at Epping, and news of the destruction of Waltham Abbey Powder Mills in a vain attempt to blow up one of the invaders.

People were watching for Martians here from the church towers.
My brother, very luckily for him as it chanced, preferred to push on at once to the coast rather than wait for food, although all three of them were very hungry.
By midday they passed through Tillingham, which, strangely enough, seemed to be quite silent and deserted, save for a few furtive plunderers hunting for food.
Near Tillingham they suddenly came in sight of the sea, and the most amazing crowd of shipping of all sorts that it is possible to imagine.

She had never been out of England before, she would rather die than trust herself friendless in a foreign country, and so forth.
She seemed, poor woman, to imagine that the French and the Martians might prove very similar.
She had been growing increasingly hysterical, fearful, and depressed during the two days' journeyings.
Her great idea was to return to Stanmore.
Things had been always well and safe at Stanmore.
They would find George at Stanmore.

It was with the greatest difficulty they could get her down to the beach, where presently my brother succeeded in attracting the attention of some men on a paddle steamer from the Thames.
The steamer was going, these men said, to Ostend.

It was about two o'clock when my brother, having paid their fares at the gangway, found himself safely aboard the steamboat with his charges.
There was food aboard, albeit at exorbitant prices, and the three of them contrived to eat a meal on one of the seats forward.

There were already a couple of score of passengers aboard, some of whom had expended their last money in securing a passage, but the captain lay off the Blackwater until five in the afternoon, picking up passengers until the seated decks were even dangerously crowded.
He would probably have remained longer had it not been for the sound of guns that began about that hour in the south.
As if in answer, the ironclad seaward fired a small gun and hoisted a string of flags.
A jet of smoke sprang out of her funnels.

Some of the passengers were of opinion that this firing came from Shoeburyness, until it was noticed that it was growing louder.
At the same time, far away in the southeast the masts and upperworks of three ironclads rose one after the other out of the sea, beneath clouds of black smoke.
But my brother's attention speedily reverted to the distant firing in the south.
He fancied he saw a column of smoke rising out of the distant grey haze.

A douche of spray blinded my brother for a moment.
When his eyes were clear again he saw the monster had passed and was rushing landward.
Big iron upperworks rose out of this headlong structure, and from that twin funnels projected and spat a smoking blast shot with fire.

He held it pointing obliquely downward, and a bank of steam sprang from the water at its touch.

A flicker of flame went up through the rising steam, and then the Martian reeled and staggered.
In another moment he was cut down, and a great body of water and steam shot high in the air.

The whole steamer from end to end rang with frantic cheering that was taken up first by one and then by all in the crowding multitude of ships and boats that was driving out to sea.

The steam hung upon the water for many minutes, hiding the third Martian and the coast altogether.
But the ironclads to seaward were now quite close and standing in towards shore past the steamboat.

Then suddenly out of the golden haze of the sunset came the vibration of guns, and a form of black shadows moving.
Everyone struggled to the rail of the steamer and peered into the blinding furnace of the west, but nothing was to be distinguished clearly.
A mass of smoke rose slanting and barred the face of the sun.
The steamboat throbbed on its way through an interminable suspense.

The sun sank into grey clouds, the sky flushed and darkened, the evening star trembled into sight.
It was deep twilight when the captain cried out and pointed.
And as it flew it rained down darkness upon the land.

My mind was occupied by anxiety for my wife.
I figured her at Leatherhead, terrified, in danger, mourning me already as a dead man.
I paced the rooms and cried aloud when I thought of how I was cut off from her, of all that might happen to her in my absence.
My cousin I knew was brave enough for any emergency, but he was not the sort of man to realise danger quickly, to rise promptly.
What was needed now was not bravery, but circumspection.
Such vague anxieties keep the mind sensitive and painful.
I grew very weary and irritable with the curate's perpetual ejaculations; I tired of the sight of his selfish despair.
When he followed me thither, I went to a box room at the top of the house and, in order to be alone with my aching miseries, locked myself in.

We were hopelessly hemmed in by the Black Smoke all that day and the morning of the next.
But I do not know who these people were, nor what became of them.
We saw nothing of them next day.
The Black Smoke drifted slowly riverward all through Monday morning, creeping nearer and nearer to us, driving at last along the roadway outside the house that hid us.

For a time we did not see how this change affected our position, save that we were relieved of our fear of the Black Smoke.
But later I perceived that we were no longer hemmed in, that now we might get away.
So soon as I realised that the way of escape was open, my dream of action returned.
But the curate was lethargic, unreasonable.

Wiser now for the artilleryman's teaching, I sought out food and drink.
I had found oil and rags for my burns, and I also took a hat and a flannel shirt that I found in one of the bedrooms.
And all being quiet throughout the afternoon, we started about five o'clock, as I should judge, along the blackened road to Sunbury.

Away across the road the woods beyond Ham and Petersham were still afire.
For the most part they were like ourselves, taking advantage of a lull to shift their quarters.
I have an impression that many of the houses here were still occupied by scared inhabitants, too frightened even for flight.
Here too the evidence of a hasty rout was abundant along the road.
I remember most vividly three smashed bicycles in a heap, pounded into the road by the wheels of subsequent carts.
We crossed Richmond Bridge about half past eight.
We hurried across the exposed bridge, of course, but I noticed floating down the stream a number of red masses, some many feet across.

We saw in the blackened distance a group of three people running down a side street towards the river, but otherwise it seemed deserted.
Up the hill Richmond town was burning briskly; outside the town of Richmond there was no trace of the Black Smoke.

We stood aghast at our danger, and had the Martian looked down we must immediately have perished.
We were so terrified that we dared not go on, but turned aside and hid in a shed in a garden.
There the curate crouched, weeping silently, and refusing to stir again.

But my fixed idea of reaching Leatherhead would not let me rest, and in the twilight I ventured out again.
I went through a shrubbery, and along a passage beside a big house standing in its own grounds, and so emerged upon the road towards Kew.
The curate I left in the shed, but he came hurrying after me.

That second start was the most foolhardy thing I ever did.
For it was manifest the Martians were about us.
In three strides he was among them, and they ran radiating from his feet in all directions.
Apparently he tossed them into the great metallic carrier which projected behind him, much as a workman's basket hangs over his shoulder.

Sheen, it seemed, had escaped destruction, but the place was silent and deserted.
Here we happened on no dead, though the night was too dark for us to see into the side roads of the place.
In Sheen my companion suddenly complained of faintness and thirst, and we decided to try one of the houses.

We then crossed to a place where the road turns towards Mortlake.
I give this catalogue so precisely because, as it happened, we were destined to subsist upon this store for the next fortnight.
Bottled beer stood under a shelf, and there were two bags of haricot beans and some limp lettuces.

Everything in the kitchen leaped out, clearly visible in green and black, and vanished again.
And then followed such a concussion as I have never heard before or since.
So close on the heels of this as to seem instantaneous came a thud behind me, a clash of glass, a crash and rattle of falling masonry all about us, and the plaster of the ceiling came down upon us, smashing into a multitude of fragments upon our heads.
I was knocked headlong across the floor against the oven handle and stunned.
I was insensible for a long time, the curate told me, and when I came to we were in darkness again, and he, with a face wet, as I found afterwards, with blood from a cut forehead, was dabbing water over me.

For some time I could not recollect what had happened.
Then things came to me slowly.
A bruise on my temple asserted itself.

We both sat quite silent, so that we could scarcely hear each other breathing.
Everything seemed deadly still, but once something near us, some plaster or broken brickwork, slid down with a rumbling sound.
Outside and very near was an intermittent, metallic rattle.

Our situation was so strange and incomprehensible that for three or four hours, until the dawn came, we scarcely moved.
And then the light filtered in, not through the window, which remained black, but through a triangular aperture between a beam and a heap of broken bricks in the wall behind us.
The interior of the kitchen we now saw greyly for the first time.

At last I found myself awake and very hungry.
I am inclined to believe we must have spent the greater portion of a day before that awakening.
My hunger was at a stride so insistent that it moved me to action.
I told the curate I was going to seek food, and felt my way towards the pantry.
He made me no answer, but so soon as I began eating the faint noise I made stirred him up and I heard him crawling after me.

After eating we crept back to the scullery, and there I must have dozed again, for when presently I looked round I was alone.
The thudding vibration continued with wearisome persistence.
I whispered for the curate several times, and at last felt my way to the door of the kitchen.
It was still daylight, and I perceived him across the room, lying against the triangular hole that looked out upon the Martians.
His shoulders were hunched, so that his head was hidden from me.

I could hear a number of noises almost like those in an engine shed; and the place rocked with that beating thud.
Through the aperture in the wall I could see the top of a tree touched with gold and the warm blue of a tranquil evening sky.
For a minute or so I remained watching the curate, and then I advanced, crouching and stepping with extreme care amid the broken crockery that littered the floor.

I touched the curate's leg, and he started so violently that a mass of plaster went sliding down outside and fell with a loud impact.
I gripped his arm, fearing he might cry out, and for a long time we crouched motionless.
Then I turned to see how much of our rampart remained.
The detachment of the plaster had left a vertical slit open in the debris, and by raising myself cautiously across a beam I was able to see out of this gap into what had been overnight a quiet suburban roadway.
Vast, indeed, was the change that we beheld.

Its motion was so swift, complex, and perfect that at first I did not see it as a machine, in spite of its metallic glitter.

And this was the sum of the Martian organs.
Strange as it may seem to a human being, all the complex apparatus of digestion, which makes up the bulk of our bodies, did not exist in the Martians.
They did not eat, much less digest.
I have myself seen this being done, as I shall mention in its place.
But, squeamish as I may seem, I cannot bring myself to describe what I could not endure even to continue watching.
Let it suffice to say, blood obtained from a still living animal, in most cases from a human being, was run directly by means of a little pipette into the recipient canal.

Their undeniable preference for men as their source of nourishment is partly explained by the nature of the remains of the victims they had brought with them as provisions from Mars.
Two or three of these seem to have been brought in each cylinder, and all were killed before earth was reached.
It was just as well for them, for the mere attempt to stand upright upon our planet would have broken every bone in their bodies.

In three other points their physiology differed strangely from ours.
Their organisms did not sleep, any more than the heart of man sleeps.
Since they had no extensive muscular mechanism to recuperate, that periodical extinction was unknown to them.
They had little or no sense of fatigue, it would seem.
On earth they could never have moved without effort, yet even to the last they kept in action.

While I was still watching their sluggish motions in the sunlight, and noting each strange detail of their form, the curate reminded me of his presence by pulling violently at my arm.
I turned to a scowling face, and silent, eloquent lips.
He wanted the slit, which permitted only one of us to peep through; and so I had to forego watching them for a time while he enjoyed that privilege.

This it was which had caused the regular beating noise, and the rhythmic shocks that had kept our ruinous refuge quivering.
It piped and whistled as it worked.
So far as I could see, the thing was without a directing Martian at all.

It is disagreeable for me to recall and write these things, but I set them down that my story may lack nothing.
Those who have escaped the dark and terrible aspects of life will find my brutality, my flash of rage in our final tragedy, easy enough to blame; for they know what is wrong as well as any, but not what is possible to tortured men.
But those who have been under the shadow, who have gone down at last to elemental things, will have a wider charity.

And while within we fought out our dark, dim contest of whispers, snatched food and drink, and gripping hands and blows, without, in the pitiless sunlight of that terrible June, was the strange wonder, the unfamiliar routine of the Martians in the pit.
Let me return to those first new experiences of mine.
These last had brought with them certain fresh appliances that stood in an orderly manner about the cylinder.

The curate had possession of the slit when the first men were brought to the pit.
I was sitting below, huddled up, listening with all my ears.
He made a sudden movement backward, and I, fearful that we were observed, crouched in a spasm of terror.
He came sliding down the rubbish and crept beside me in the darkness, inarticulate, gesticulating, and for a moment I shared his panic.
His gesture suggested a resignation of the slit, and after a little while my curiosity gave me courage, and I rose up, stepped across him, and clambered up to it.
At first I could see no reason for his frantic behaviour.
The whole picture was a flickering scheme of green gleams and shifting rusty black shadows, strangely trying to the eyes.
Over and through it all went the bats, heeding it not at all.
And then, amid the clangour of the machinery, came a drifting suspicion of human voices, that I entertained at first only to dismiss.

As the green flames lifted I could see the oily gleam of his integument and the brightness of his eyes.
And suddenly I heard a yell, and saw a long tentacle reaching over the shoulder of the machine to the little cage that hunched upon its back.
For an instant he was clearly visible.
I could see his staring eyes and gleams of light on his studs and watch chain.
He vanished behind the mound, and for a moment there was silence.
And then began a shrieking and a sustained and cheerful hooting from the Martians.

I slid down the rubbish, struggled to my feet, clapped my hands over my ears, and bolted into the scullery.
The curate, who had been crouching silently with his arms over his head, looked up as I passed, cried out quite loudly at my desertion of him, and came running after me.

It was on the third day, if my memory serves me right, that I saw the lad killed.
It was the only occasion on which I actually saw the Martians feed.
After that experience I avoided the hole in the wall for the better part of a day.
I went into the scullery, removed the door, and spent some hours digging with my hatchet as silently as possible; but when I had made a hole about a couple of feet deep the loose earth collapsed noisily, and I did not dare continue.
I lost heart, and lay down on the scullery floor for a long time, having no spirit even to move.
And after that I abandoned altogether the idea of escaping by excavation.

It says much for the impression the Martians had made upon me that at first I entertained little or no hope of our escape being brought about by their overthrow through any human effort.
But on the fourth or fifth night I heard a sound like heavy guns.

It was very late in the night, and the moon was shining brightly.
That night was a beautiful serenity; save for one planet, the moon seemed to have the sky to herself.
I heard a dog howling, and that familiar sound it was that made me listen.
Then I heard quite distinctly a booming exactly like the sound of great guns.
Six distinct reports I counted, and after a long interval six again.

It was on the sixth day of our imprisonment that I peeped for the last time, and presently found myself alone.
Instead of keeping close to me and trying to oust me from the slit, the curate had gone back into the scullery.
I was struck by a sudden thought.
I went back quickly and quietly into the scullery.
In the darkness I heard the curate drinking.
I snatched in the darkness, and my fingers caught a bottle of burgundy.

For a few minutes there was a tussle.
The bottle struck the floor and broke, and I desisted and rose.
We stood panting and threatening each other.
In the end I planted myself between him and the food, and told him of my determination to begin a discipline.
I divided the food in the pantry, into rations to last us ten days.
I would not let him eat any more that day.
In the afternoon he made a feeble effort to get at the food.
I had been dozing, but in an instant I was awake.
All day and all night we sat face to face, I weary but resolute, and he weeping and complaining of his immediate hunger.

From certain vague memories I am inclined to think my own mind wandered at times.
I had strange and hideous dreams whenever I slept.
It sounds paradoxical, but I am inclined to think that the weakness and insanity of the curate warned me, braced me, and kept me a sane man.

On the eighth day he began to talk aloud instead of whispering, and nothing I could do would moderate his speech.

On me and mine be the punishment laid.
We have sinned, we have fallen short.
There was poverty, sorrow; the poor were trodden in the dust, and I held my peace.
Oppressors of the poor and needy .

Then he would suddenly revert to the matter of the food I withheld from him, praying, begging, weeping, at last threatening.
For a time that scared me; but any concession would have shortened our chance of escape beyond estimating.
I defied him, although I felt no assurance that he might not do this thing.
But that day, at any rate, he did not.
Then he slept awhile, and began again with renewed strength, so loudly that I must needs make him desist.

He rose to his knees, for he had been sitting in the darkness near the copper.

The word of the Lord is upon me!

In three strides he was at the door leading into the kitchen.

It has already been too long delayed.

I put out my hand and felt the meat chopper hanging to the wall.
Before he was halfway across the kitchen I had overtaken him.
With one last touch of humanity I turned the blade back and struck him with the butt.
He went headlong forward and lay stretched on the ground.
I stumbled over him and stood panting.

Suddenly I heard a noise without, the run and smash of slipping plaster, and the triangular aperture in the wall was darkened.
One of its gripping limbs curled amid the debris; another limb appeared, feeling its way over the fallen beams.
Then I saw through a sort of glass plate near the edge of the body the face, as we may call it, and the large dark eyes of a Martian, peering, and then a long metallic snake of tentacle came feeling slowly through the hole.

I turned by an effort, stumbled over the curate, and stopped at the scullery door.
The tentacle was now some way, two yards or more, in the room, and twisting and turning, with queer sudden movements, this way and that.
For a while I stood fascinated by that slow, fitful advance.
Then, with a faint, hoarse cry, I forced myself across the scullery.
I trembled violently; I could scarcely stand upright.
I opened the door of the coal cellar, and stood there in the darkness staring at the faintly lit doorway into the kitchen, and listening.

Irresistibly attracted, I crept to the door and peeped into the kitchen.
I thought at once that it would infer my presence from the mark of the blow I had given him.

Then the faint metallic jingle returned.
I traced it slowly feeling over the kitchen.
I thought that its length might be insufficient to reach me.
It passed, scraping faintly across the cellar door.
An age of almost intolerable suspense intervened; then I heard it fumbling at the latch!
The Martians understood doors!

It worried at the catch for a minute, perhaps, and then the door opened.

It was like a black worm swaying its blind head to and fro.

Once, even, it touched the heel of my boot.
I was on the verge of screaming; I bit my hand.
For a time the tentacle was silent.
I could have fancied it had been withdrawn.
Apparently it had taken a lump of coal to examine.

Then I heard the slow, deliberate sound creeping towards me again.
Slowly, slowly it drew near, scratching against the walls and tapping the furniture.

While I was still doubtful, it rapped smartly against the cellar door and closed it.
Then silence that passed into an infinity of suspense.

At last I decided that it had.

It came into the scullery no more; but I lay all the tenth day in the close darkness, buried among coals and firewood, not daring even to crawl out for the drink for which I craved.
It was the eleventh day before I ventured so far from my security.

My first act before I went into the pantry was to fasten the door between the kitchen and the scullery.
But the pantry was empty; every scrap of food had gone.
Apparently, the Martian had taken it all on the previous day.
At that discovery I despaired for the first time.
I took no food, or no drink either, on the eleventh or the twelfth day.

At first my mouth and throat were parched, and my strength ebbed sensibly.
I sat about in the darkness of the scullery, in a state of despondent wretchedness.
I thought I had become deaf, for the noises of movement I had been accustomed to hear from the pit had ceased absolutely.
I did not feel strong enough to crawl noiselessly to the peephole, or I would have gone there.

During these days, in a rambling, inconclusive way, I thought much of the curate and of the manner of his death.

On the thirteenth day I drank some more water, and dozed and thought disjointedly of eating and of vague impossible plans of escape.
Whenever I dozed I dreamt of horrible phantasms, of the death of the curate, or of sumptuous dinners; but, asleep or awake, I felt a keen pain that urged me to drink again and again.
The light that came into the scullery was no longer grey, but red.
To my disordered imagination it seemed the colour of blood.

It was early on the fifteenth day that I heard a curious, familiar sequence of sounds in the kitchen, and, listening, identified it as the snuffing and scratching of a dog.
Going into the kitchen, I saw a dog's nose peering in through a break among the ruddy fronds.
At the scent of me he barked shortly.

I heard a sound like the flutter of a bird's wings, and a hoarse croaking, but that was all.

For a long while I lay close to the peephole, but not daring to move aside the red plants that obscured it.
At length, encouraged by the silence, I looked out.

Slowly I thrust myself out through the red weed, and stood upon the mound of rubble.
I could see in any direction save behind me, to the north, and neither Martians nor sign of Martians were to be seen.
The pit dropped sheerly from my feet, but a little way along the rubbish afforded a practicable slope to the summit of the ruins.

To the northward, too, no Martian was visible.

When I had last seen this part of Sheen in the daylight it had been a straggling street of comfortable white and red houses, interspersed with abundant shady trees.
The trees near me were dead and brown, but further a network of red thread scaled the still living stems.

The neighbouring houses had all been wrecked, but none had been burned; their walls stood, sometimes to the second story, with smashed windows and shattered doors.
The red weed grew tumultuously in their roofless rooms.
Below me was the great pit, with the crows struggling for its refuse.
A number of other birds hopped about among the ruins.
Far away I saw a gaunt cat slink crouchingly along a wall, but traces of men there were none.

The day seemed, by contrast with my recent confinement, dazzlingly bright, the sky a glowing blue.
A gentle breeze kept the red weed that covered every scrap of unoccupied ground gently swaying.

But so soon as this strangeness had been realised it passed, and my dominant motive became the hunger of my long and dismal fast.
The density of the weed gave me a reassuring sense of hiding.
The wall was some six feet high, and when I attempted to clamber it I found I could not lift my feet to the crest.
So I went along by the side of it, and came to a corner and a rockwork that enabled me to get to the top, and tumble into the garden I coveted.

In the end the red weed succumbed almost as quickly as it had spread.
A cankering disease, due, it is believed, to the action of certain bacteria, presently seized upon it.
The fronds became bleached, and then shrivelled and brittle.
They broke off at the least touch, and the waters that had stimulated their early growth carried their last vestiges out to sea.

The red weed was less abundant; the tall trees along the lane were free from the red creeper.
I hunted for food among the trees, finding nothing, and I also raided a couple of silent houses, but they had already been broken into and ransacked.
I rested for the remainder of the daylight in a shrubbery, being, in my enfeebled condition, too fatigued to push on.

All this time I saw no human beings, and no signs of the Martians.
But though I gnawed parts of these in my mouth, there was nothing to be got from them.

I spent that night in the inn that stands at the top of Putney Hill, sleeping in a made bed for the first time since my flight to Leatherhead.
The place had been already searched and emptied.
In the bar I afterwards found some biscuits and sandwiches that had been overlooked.
The latter I could not eat, they were too rotten, but the former not only stayed my hunger, but filled my pockets.
I lit no lamps, fearing some Martian might come beating that part of London for food in the night.
Before I went to bed I had an interval of restlessness, and prowled from window to window, peering out for some sign of these monsters.
During all the intervening time my mental condition had been a hurrying succession of vague emotional states or a sort of stupid receptivity.
But in the night my brain, reinforced, I suppose, by the food I had eaten, grew clear again, and I thought.

The former gave me no sensation of horror or remorse to recall; I saw it simply as a thing done, a memory infinitely disagreeable but quite without the quality of remorse.
I saw myself then as I see myself now, driven step by step towards that hasty blow, the creature of a sequence of accidents leading inevitably to that.
I felt no condemnation; yet the memory, static, unprogressive, haunted me.
In the silence of the night, with that sense of the nearness of God that sometimes comes into the stillness and the darkness, I stood my trial, my only trial, for that moment of wrath and fear.
I retraced every step of our conversation from the moment when I had found him crouching beside me, heedless of my thirst, and pointing to the fire and smoke that streamed up from the ruins of Weybridge.
Had I foreseen, I should have left him at Halliford.
But I did not foresee; and crime is to foresee and do.
And I set this down as I have set all this story down, as it was.
But I set it down, and the reader must form his judgment as he will.

And when, by an effort, I had set aside that picture of a prostrate body, I faced the problem of the Martians and the fate of my wife.
For the former I had no data; I could imagine a hundred things, and so, unhappily, I could for the latter.
And suddenly that night became terrible.
I found myself sitting up in bed, staring at the dark.
Since the night of my return from Leatherhead I had not prayed.
I had uttered prayers, fetish prayers, had prayed as heathens mutter charms when I was in extremity; but now I prayed indeed, pleading steadfastly and sanely, face to face with the darkness of God.
Perhaps they also prayed confidently to God.

The morning was bright and fine, and the eastern sky glowed pink, and was fretted with little golden clouds.
In the road that runs from the top of Putney Hill to Wimbledon was a number of poor vestiges of the panic torrent that must have poured Londonward on the Sunday night after the fighting began.
My movements were languid, my plans of the vaguest.
I had an idea of going to Leatherhead, though I knew that there I had the poorest chance of finding my wife.
Certainly, unless death had overtaken them suddenly, my cousins and she would have fled thence; but it seemed to me I might find or learn there whither the Surrey people had fled.
I knew I wanted to find my wife, that my heart ached for her and the world of men, but I had no clear idea how the finding might be done.
I was also sharply aware now of my intense loneliness.
From the corner I went, under cover of a thicket of trees and bushes, to the edge of Wimbledon Common, stretching wide and far.

That dark expanse was lit in patches by yellow gorse and broom; there was no red weed to be seen, and as I prowled, hesitating, on the verge of the open, the sun rose, flooding it all with light and vitality.
I came upon a busy swarm of little frogs in a swampy place among the trees.
I stopped to look at them, drawing a lesson from their stout resolve to live.
And presently, turning suddenly, with an odd feeling of being watched, I beheld something crouching amid a clump of bushes.
I made a step towards it, and it rose up and became a man armed with a cutlass.
He stood silent and motionless, regarding me.

As I drew nearer I perceived he was dressed in clothes as dusty and filthy as my own; he looked, indeed, as though he had been dragged through a culvert.
Nearer, I distinguished the green slime of ditches mixing with the pale drab of dried clay and shiny, coaly patches.
His black hair fell over his eyes, and his face was dark and dirty and sunken, so that at first I did not recognise him.
There was a red cut across the lower part of his face.

I have worked my way out and escaped.

All this hill down to the river, and back to Clapham, and up to the edge of the common.

I don't know what has happened.

He shot out a pointing finger.

I recognised him at the same moment.

And after they went away I got off towards Walton across the fields.
Let us crawl under those bushes and talk.

Of a night, all over there, Hampstead way, the sky is alive with their lights.
It's like a great city, and in the glare you can just see them moving.
Then I saw a couple across Hammersmith way carrying something big.

I stopped, on hands and knees, for we had come to the bushes.

I went on into a little bower, and sat down.

I had still held a vague hope; rather, I had kept a lifelong habit of mind.

And they've made their footing good and crippled the greatest power in the world.
The death of that one at Weybridge was an accident.

I sat staring before me, trying in vain to devise some countervailing thought.

And even if there's a delay, how can it alter the end?
There's the ants builds their cities, live their lives, have wars, revolutions, until the men want them out of the way, and then they go out of the way.

Most of the people were hard at it squealing and exciting themselves.
But I'm not so fond of squealing.
And it's the man that keeps on thinking comes through.
I saw everyone tracking away south.
Says I, 'Food won't last this way,' and I turned right back.
I went for the Martians like a sparrow goes for man.

He saw my face, and halted awkwardly.

Canned things in shops; wines, spirits, mineral waters; and the water mains and drains are empty.
Well, I was telling you what I was thinking.
'Here's intelligent things,' I said, 'and it seems they want us for food.
If we were the size of ants we might pull through.

A Martian has only to go a few miles to get a crowd on the run.
And I saw one, one day, out by Wandsworth, picking houses to pieces and routing among the wreckage.
But they won't keep on doing that.
So soon as they've settled all our guns and ships, and smashed our railways, and done all the things they are doing over there, they will begin catching us systematic, picking the best and storing us in cages and things.
That's what they will start doing in a bit.

And losing our heads, and rushing off in crowds to where there wasn't any more safety than where we were.
They don't want to bother us yet.
Very likely that's why the cylinders have stopped for a bit, for fear of hitting those who are here.
And instead of our rushing about blind, on the howl, or getting dynamite on the chance of busting them up, we've got to fix ourselves up according to the new state of affairs.
It isn't quite according to what a man wants for his species, but it's about what the facts point to.
And that's the principle I acted upon.

If it's amusement you're after, I reckon the game is up.

I tell you, I'm grim set on living.
We aren't going to be exterminated.
And I don't mean to be caught either, and tamed and fattened and bred like a thundering ox.

I'm going on, under their feet.
I've got it planned; I've thought it out.
We've got to learn before we've got a chance.
And we've got to live and keep independent while we learn.

Mind you, it isn't all of us that are made for wild beasts; and that's what it's got to be.
I didn't know that it was you, you see, or just how you'd been buried.
What is he but funk and precautions?
Lives insured and a bit invested for fear of accidents.
As if hell was built for rabbits!
Well, the Martians will just be a godsend to these.
Nice roomy cages, fattening food, careful breeding, no worry.
After a week or so chasing about the fields and lands on empty stomachs, they'll come and be caught cheerful.
They'll be quite glad after a bit.
They'll wonder what people did before there were Martians to take care of them.
There's hundreds of things I saw with my eyes that I've only begun to see clearly these last few days.
Very likely you've seen the same thing.
It's energy in a gale of funk, and turned clean inside out.
These cages will be full of psalms and hymns and piety.

And some, maybe, they will train to hunt us.

What nonsense to pretend there isn't!

I sat contemplating these things.
I could find nothing to bring against this man's reasoning.

We have to invent a sort of life where men can live and breed, and be sufficiently secure to bring the children up.
You see, how I mean to live is underground.
I've been thinking about the drains.
The main drains are big enough and airy enough for anyone.
Then there's cellars, vaults, stores, from which bolting passages may be made to the drains.
And the railway tunnels and subways.
We're not going to pick up any rubbish that drifts in.

We can't have any weak or silly.
Life is real again, and the useless and cumbersome and mischievous have to die.
They ought to be willing to die.
It's a sort of disloyalty, after all, to live and taint the race.
Moreover, dying's none so dreadful; it's the funking makes it bad.
And in all those places we shall gather.
And we may even be able to keep a watch, and run about in the open when the Martians keep away.
That's how we shall save the race.
But saving the race is nothing in itself.
As I say, that's only being rats.
It's saving our knowledge and adding to it is the thing.
There's books, there's models.
We must make great safe places down deep, and get all the books we can; not novels and poetry swipes, but ideas, science books.
That's where men like you come in.
We must go to the British Museum and pick all those books through.
When it's all working, perhaps I will.
And the great thing is, we must leave the Martians alone.
If we get in their way, we clear out.
We must show them we mean no harm.
But they're intelligent things, and they won't hunt us down if they have all they want, and think we're just harmless vermin.

The artilleryman paused and laid a brown hand upon my arm.

What would it matter if you smashed to smithereens at the end of the run, after a bust like that?
I reckon the Martians'll open their beautiful eyes!
Something out of gear in every case.
And swish, bang, rattle, swish!

I was for going on, and after a little hesitation he resumed his spade; and then suddenly I was struck by a thought.
I stopped, and so did he at once.

I was no longer disposed to object.
We went together to the roof and stood on a ladder peeping out of the roof door.
No Martians were to be seen, and we ventured out on the tiles, and slipped down under shelter of the parapet.

From this position a shrubbery hid the greater portion of Putney, but we could see the river below, a bubbly mass of red weed, and the low parts of Lambeth flooded and red.
The red creeper swarmed up the trees about the old palace, and their branches stretched gaunt and dead, and set with shrivelled leaves, from amid its clusters.
It was strange how entirely dependent both these things were upon flowing water for their propagation.
Beyond Kensington dense smoke was rising, and that and a blue haze hid the northward hills.

The artilleryman began to tell me of the sort of people who still remained in London.

Heaven knows how long he had been there.
It must have given some of them a nasty turn.
He came down the road towards them, and picked up nearly a hundred too drunk or frightened to run away.

From that, in answer to my questions, he came round to his grandiose plans again.
But now that I was beginning to understand something of his quality, I could divine the stress he laid on doing nothing precipitately.
And I noted that now there was no question that he personally was to capture and fight the great machine.

After a time we went down to the cellar.
Neither of us seemed disposed to resume digging, and when he suggested a meal, I was nothing loath.
He became suddenly very generous, and when we had eaten he went away and returned with some excellent cigars.
We lit these, and his optimism glowed.
He was inclined to regard my coming as a great occasion.

We've a heavy enough task before us!
Let us take a rest and gather strength while we may.
Look at these blistered hands!

Afterwards he taught me poker, and I beat him at three tough chess games.
When dark came we decided to take the risk, and lit a lamp.

At first I stared unintelligently across the London valley.
All the rest of London was black.
For a space I could not understand it, and then I knew that it must be the red weed from which this faint irradiation proceeded.
With that realisation my dormant sense of wonder, my sense of the proportion of things, awoke again.
I glanced from that to Mars, red and clear, glowing high in the west, and then gazed long and earnestly at the darkness of Hampstead and Highgate.

I remained a very long time upon the roof, wondering at the grotesque changes of the day.
I had a violent revulsion of feeling.
I remember I flung away the cigar with a certain wasteful symbolism.
My folly came to me with glaring exaggeration.
I seemed a traitor to my wife and to my kind; I was filled with remorse.
I resolved to leave this strange undisciplined dreamer of great things to his drink and gluttony, and to go on into London.
There, it seemed to me, I had the best chance of learning what the Martians and my fellowmen were doing.
I was still upon the roof when the late moon rose.

At the corner of the lane that runs to Putney Bridge station I found a man lying.
He was as black as a sweep with the black dust, alive, but helplessly and speechlessly drunk.
I could get nothing from him but curses and furious lunges at my head.
I think I should have stayed by him but for the brutal expression of his face.

There was black dust along the roadway from the bridge onwards, and it grew thicker in Fulham.
The streets were horribly quiet.
Some way towards Walham Green the streets became clear of powder, and I passed a white terrace of houses on fire; the noise of the burning was an absolute relief.
Going on towards Brompton, the streets were quiet again.

Here I came once more upon the black powder in the streets and upon dead bodies.
I saw altogether about a dozen in the length of the Fulham Road.
They had been dead many days, so that I hurried quickly past them.
The black powder covered them over, and softened their outlines.
One or two had been disturbed by dogs.

Where there was no black powder, it was curiously like a Sunday in the City, with the closed shops, the houses locked up and the blinds drawn, the desertion, and the stillness.
In some places plunderers had been at work, but rarely at other than the provision and wine shops.
A jeweller's window had been broken open in one place, but apparently the thief had been disturbed, and a number of gold chains and a watch lay scattered on the pavement.
I did not trouble to touch them.
Farther on was a tattered woman in a heap on a doorstep; the hand that hung over her knee was gashed and bled down her rusty brown dress, and a smashed magnum of champagne formed a pool across the pavement.
She seemed asleep, but she was dead.

In South Kensington the streets were clear of dead and of black powder.
It was near South Kensington that I first heard the howling.
It crept almost imperceptibly upon my senses.
When I passed streets that ran northward it grew in volume, and houses and buildings seemed to deaden and cut it off again.
It came in a full tide down Exhibition Road.
I stopped, staring towards Kensington Gardens, wondering at this strange, remote wailing.
It was as if that mighty desert of houses had found a voice for its fear and solitude.

I turned northwards, marvelling, towards the iron gates of Hyde Park.
I had half a mind to break into the Natural History Museum and find my way up to the summits of the towers, in order to see across the park.
But I decided to keep to the ground, where quick hiding was possible, and so went on up the Exhibition Road.
All the large mansions on each side of the road were empty and still, and my footsteps echoed against the sides of the houses.
I puzzled over this for a time, and then went on to the bridge over the Serpentine.
The voice grew stronger and stronger, though I could see nothing above the housetops on the north side of the park, save a haze of smoke to the northwest.

The desolating cry worked upon my mind.
The mood that had sustained me passed.
The wailing took possession of me.
I found I was intensely weary, footsore, and now again hungry and thirsty.

Why was I wandering alone in this city of the dead?
Why was I alone when all London was lying in state, and in its black shroud?
My mind ran on old friends that I had forgotten for years.
I thought of the poisons in the chemists' shops, of the liquors the wine merchants stored; I recalled the two sodden creatures of despair, who so far as I knew, shared the city with myself.

I came into Oxford Street by the Marble Arch, and here again were black powder and several bodies, and an evil, ominous smell from the gratings of the cellars of some of the houses.
I grew very thirsty after the heat of my long walk.
I was weary after eating, and went into the parlour behind the bar, and slept on a black horsehair sofa I found there.

And as I emerged from the top of Baker Street, I saw far away over the trees in the clearness of the sunset the hood of the Martian giant from which this howling proceeded.
I came upon him as if it were a matter of course.
I watched him for some time, but he did not move.
He appeared to be standing and yelling, for no reason that I could discover.

I tried to formulate a plan of action.
Perhaps I was too tired to be very fearful.
Certainly I was more curious to know the reason of this monotonous crying than afraid.
I turned back away from the park and struck into Park Road, intending to skirt the park, went along under the shelter of the terraces, and got a view of this stationary, howling Martian from the direction of St.
A couple of hundred yards out of Baker Street I heard a yelping chorus, and saw, first a dog with a piece of putrescent red meat in his jaws coming headlong towards me, and then a pack of starving mongrels in pursuit of him.
He made a wide curve to avoid me, as though he feared I might prove a fresh competitor.

At first I thought a house had fallen across the road.
It was only as I clambered among the ruins that I saw, with a start, this mechanical Samson lying, with its tentacles bent and smashed and twisted, among the ruins it had made.
It seemed as if it had driven blindly straight at the house, and had been overwhelmed in its overthrow.
I could not clamber among the ruins to see it, and the twilight was now so far advanced that the blood with which its seat was smeared, and the gnawed gristle of the Martian that the dogs had left, were invisible to me.

Wondering still more at all that I had seen, I pushed on towards Primrose Hill.
Far away, through a gap in the trees, I saw a second Martian, as motionless as the first, standing in the park towards the Zoological Gardens, and silent.

The silence came like a thunderclap.

The dusky houses about me stood faint and tall and dim; the trees towards the park were growing black.
All about me the red weed clambered among the ruins, writhing to get above me in the dimness.
Night, the mother of fear and mystery, was coming upon me.
But while that voice sounded the solitude, the desolation, had been endurable; by virtue of it London had still seemed alive, and the sense of life about me had upheld me.

London about me gazed at me spectrally.
The windows in the white houses were like the eye sockets of skulls.
About me my imagination found a thousand noiseless enemies moving.
Terror seized me, a horror of my temerity.
In front of me the road became pitchy black as though it was tarred, and I saw a contorted shape lying across the pathway.
I could not bring myself to go on.
John's Wood Road, and ran headlong from this unendurable stillness towards Kilburn.
I hid from the night and the silence, until long after midnight, in a cabmen's shelter in Harrow Road.
But before the dawn my courage returned, and while the stars were still in the sky I turned once more towards Regent's Park.
On the summit, towering up to the fading stars, was a third Martian, erect and motionless like the others.

An insane resolve possessed me.
And I would save myself even the trouble of killing myself.
I marched on recklessly towards this Titan, and then, as I drew nearer and the light grew, I saw that a multitude of black birds was circling and clustering about the hood.
At that my heart gave a bound, and I began running along the road.

Against the sky line an eager dog ran and disappeared.
The thought that had flashed into my mind grew real, grew credible.
I felt no fear, only a wild, trembling exultation, as I ran up the hill towards the motionless monster.
Out of the hood hung lank shreds of brown, at which the hungry birds pecked and tore.

For so it had come about, as indeed I and many men might have foreseen had not terror and disaster blinded our minds.
But there are no bacteria in Mars, and directly these invaders arrived, directly they drank and fed, our microscopic allies began to work their overthrow.
Already when I watched them they were irrevocably doomed, dying and rotting even as they went to and fro.
By the toll of a billion deaths man has bought his birthright of the earth, and it is his against all comers; it would still be his were the Martians ten times as mighty as they are.
For neither do men live nor die in vain.

Here and there they were scattered, nearly fifty altogether, in that great gulf they had made, overtaken by a death that must have seemed to them as incomprehensible as any death could be.
To me also at that time this death was incomprehensible.
All I knew was that these things that had been alive and so terrible to men were dead.
For a moment I believed that the destruction of Sennacherib had been repeated, that God had repented, that the Angel of Death had slain them in the night.

I stood staring into the pit, and my heart lightened gloriously, even as the rising sun struck the world to fire about me with his rays.
The pit was still in darkness; the mighty engines, so great and wonderful in their power and complexity, so unearthly in their tortuous forms, rose weird and vague and strange out of the shadows towards the light.
A multitude of dogs, I could hear, fought over the bodies that lay darkly in the depth of the pit, far below me.
Death had come not a day too soon.

Even that day the healing would begin.
Whatever destruction was done, the hand of the destroyer was stayed.
All the gaunt wrecks, the blackened skeletons of houses that stared so dismally at the sunlit grass of the hill, would presently be echoing with the hammers of the restorers and ringing with the tapping of their trowels.
At the thought I extended my hands towards the sky and began thanking God.

With overwhelming force came the thought of myself, of my wife, and the old life of hope and tender helpfulness that had ceased for ever.

And now comes the strangest thing in my story.
Yet, perhaps, it is not altogether strange.
I remember, clearly and coldly and vividly, all that I did that day until the time that I stood weeping and praising God upon the summit of Primrose Hill.

Of the next three days I know nothing.
I have learned since that, so far from my being the first discoverer of the Martian overthrow, several such wanderers as myself had already discovered this on the previous night.
Thence the joyful news had flashed all over the world; a thousand cities, chilled by ghastly apprehensions, suddenly flashed into frantic illuminations; they knew of it in Dublin, Edinburgh, Manchester, Birmingham, at the time when I stood upon the verge of the pit.
Already men, weeping with joy, as I have heard, shouting and staying their work to shake hands and shout, were making up trains, even as near as Crewe, to descend upon London.
Across the Channel, across the Irish Sea, across the Atlantic, corn, bread, and meat were tearing to our relief.
All the shipping in the world seemed going Londonward in those days.
But of all this I have no memory.
I found myself in a house of kindly people, who had found me on the third day wandering, weeping, and raving through the streets of St.
Apparently they had learned something of my story from me during the days of my lapse.

Very gently, when my mind was assured again, did they break to me what they had learned of the fate of Leatherhead.
Two days after I was imprisoned it had been destroyed, with every soul in it, by a Martian.
He had swept it out of existence, as it seemed, without any provocation, as a boy might crush an ant hill, in the mere wantonness of power.

I was a lonely man, and they were very kind to me.
I was a lonely man and a sad one, and they bore with me.
I remained with them four days after my recovery.
All that time I felt a vague, a growing craving to look once more on whatever remained of the little life that seemed so happy and bright in my past.
It was a mere hopeless desire to feast upon my misery.
They did all they could to divert me from this morbidity.

All down the line from there the aspect of the country was gaunt and unfamiliar; Wimbledon particularly had suffered.
Walton, by virtue of its unburned pine woods, seemed the least hurt of any place along the line.
The Wandle, the Mole, every little stream, was a heaped mass of red weed, in appearance between butcher's meat and pickled cabbage.
The Surrey pine woods were too dry, however, for the festoons of the red climber.
Beyond Wimbledon, within sight of the line, in certain nursery grounds, were the heaped masses of earth about the sixth cylinder.
A number of people were standing about it, and some sappers were busy in the midst of it.
Over it flaunted a Union Jack, flapping cheerfully in the morning breeze.
The nursery grounds were everywhere crimson with the weed, a wide expanse of livid colour cut with purple shadows, and very painful to the eye.

A man standing at an open cottage door greeted me by name as I passed.

I looked at my house with a quick flash of hope that faded immediately.
The door had been forced; it was unfast and was opening slowly as I approached.

The curtains of my study fluttered out of the open window from which I and the artilleryman had watched the dawn.
The smashed bushes were just as I had left them nearly four weeks ago.
I stumbled into the hall, and the house felt empty.
The stair carpet was ruffled and discoloured where I had crouched, soaked to the skin from the thunderstorm the night of the catastrophe.
Our muddy footsteps I saw still went up the stairs.

I came down and went into the dining room.
There were the mutton and the bread, both far gone now in decay, and a beer bottle overturned, just as I and the artilleryman had left them.
I perceived the folly of the faint hope I had cherished so long.
And then a strange thing occurred.
No one has been here these ten days.
Do not stay here to torment yourself.

Had I spoken my thought aloud?
I turned, and the French window was open behind me.
I made a step to it, and stood looking out.

I made a step forward, and caught her in my arms.

In that case the cylinder might be destroyed with dynamite or artillery before it was sufficiently cool for the Martians to emerge, or they might be butchered by means of guns so soon as the screw opened.
It seems to me that they have lost a vast advantage in the failure of their first surprise.
Possibly they see it in the same light.

Dim and wonderful is the vision I have conjured up in my mind of life spreading slowly from this little seed bed of the solar system throughout the inanimate vastness of sidereal space.
It may be, on the other hand, that the destruction of the Martians is only a reprieve.
To them, and not to us, perhaps, is the future ordained.

