Many of our soldiers teamed up.
Riding a bicycle over rocky roads is difficult.
Vanessa cannot undo her mistake.
Breakfast is usually earlier than this, she thought.
The references were thick and impenetrable.
Katie screamed that they were going to lose.
They all gathered in Manchester.
The insurgents gathered sticks and wood.
We felt that something was following us through the woods.
As they browsed the store together.
"What a load of trash", Sarah opined.
It was harassment, pure and simple.
Maybe tomorrow will be better than yesterday.
There were thirty girls on the soccer field.
Eighteen of us couldn't move the van.
The snow blasted along the side of the bridge.
It was shredded, like lace after an attack from hyperactive kittens.
"I needed to concentrate more", cried Jasper.
Somehow, the paragraphs blurred into each other.
The space was spartan, almost bare.
The forest burned for thirteen days.
She felt like a weakling in comparison to her newborn daughter.
Show me some gratitude.
Anthony kept himself busy by counting pigeons.
I want my garden to be filled with roses, petunias and passion flowers.
The beer was more than just refreshing, it was delicious.
If you want it, you must take it.
It was almost as if her life had been deleted.
Hitting the delete and escape keys did nothing.
The alarm clock was set for twenty past three.
For dinner, they had Cesar salad.
This moisturising cream is fantastic.
The brake fluid was leaking out onto the path.
Edinburgh is a dream-like place to visit.
The Londoners regretted visiting this awful place.
She retired to a big comfy couch in the corner of the hall.
This fireplace is Victorian.
The computer was going insane, it displayed garbled nonsense and then shut down.
He restarted his efforts for the twentieth time.
It was the second or third time they'd tried.
They had a lot to divulge.
The descent was disturbingly steep.
Running was futile because they were so small.
The python wasn't a snake, it was a programming language.
The relief on her face showed that she understood.
It was a mega monster made of metal.
They walked in from the rain, all dishevelled and steaming.
The light reflected about the place, like some supernatural aura.
What was spoken was totally disregarded.
Raisins are delicious.
The reason for this, is to discern your strengths.
He opened the package, and tucked into a sandwich.
This pepperoni tastes off, she said.
Pizza is an Italian classic.
She has chipped a fingernail.
Christopher was confused.
It was sprayed in red, with yellow edges.
She set it on the shelf, and there it stayed.
The new law was retroactive.
It's late in the evening, a perfect time for coffee.
Regarding your request, I have decided to heed your warnings.
The salesman was like the rest of them, untrustworthy.
The Hull of the ship collapsed.
Those women are all card sharks, don't be fooled.
The ghost laughed in the weirdest way.
A frightening concept occurred to Jennifer.
The orange fruit is not yet ripened.
Somehow, the purple colour faded to gray.
This wool jumper is itchy.
The wireless joypad was experiencing connection issues.
He deleted five tables from the database.
The fire burned the fox.
Chickens are adorable.
They opened the bottle of wine and drank heavily.
All of the resources were used up.
A drought hit Western Europe.
There was a forest fire in Los Angeles.
Canada is quite cold at times.
The Canadian people are a little too humble.
He washed the detritus from his hair.
The fumes from the traffic were unbearable.
Despair is something that haunts us at night.
His anxiety exploded.
It was unforgivable and unexplainable.
She hoisted up the pirate flag.
As the flag unfurled, they all hollered like wild beasts.
Her eye twitched uncontrollably.
When will we grow out of fidget spinners?
We couldn't find the high street.
The art festival was a disaster.
His expression reminded me of a horse chewing hay.
They placed it in a wooden box, and left it there for good.
We must stay hidden.
It was a useful reminder to complete the task.
My calendar was full that month.
In a weeks time, we're going to America.
They rode alongside each other gracefully.
Do geese always fly in that formation?
The sparrow and the songbird danced along the fence.
The crow tilted its head, as if it was thinking.
This jelly doesn't taste of limes.
It was a litmus test.
Abigail is a highly regarded scientist.
It infuriates me, and I don't know why.
The virus spread faster than wildfire.
At the top of the skyscraper was a suspicious satellite dish.
My Wacom tablet has a dodgy wire.
The sweet corn tasted better grilled.
I watched the weather forecast.
The news was chilling, to say the least.
The terror was palpable.
That damn mouse could sense my anger.
Mayonnaise is made from eggs, oil, vinegar and mustard.
Milkshake is best in its chocolate form.
Everyone toasted the bride and groom.
The cup handle has broken.
I burned the omelette.
Disregard my last statement.
The plastic carrier bag had torn.
In the United States, we use paper bags for shopping.
Ouch, that was uncalled for.
Melissa's phone kept vibrating uncontrollably.
Michael opened a browser and navigated to an anonymous search engine.
This website needs more interactive elements.
This was a lie, and they all knew it.
Petrov made a funny face as he turned.
She wasn't her type.
The display was underwhelming.
It could have been steel, silver or platinum.
The hydrogen gas escaped.
Carbon dioxide is causing global warming.
He placed the DVD into the player.
The LED monitor was cracked quite badly.
The congestion was heavy throughout the city.
It's a private club, for only the most respectable people.
Peter shrunk back, aghast.
We've been laughing all day about that.
Monkeys smile when they are scared.
My dog is an Alsatian, we call her 'Poppy'.
Mozzarella is a creamy cheese that goes well with tomato and basil.
Jade's cordless drill has become faulty.
The whole office was struck by a deafening silence.
The letter said that the payment was delayed.
The Irish man sipped his tea.
Would you like a cappuccino?
Laura took out a cigarette and placed it in her mouth.
Jennifer's expression changed. "Pull my finger", she said.
Spotted dick is a classic British pudding.
Yorkshire is my county.
The brass lamp had been disturbed.
It made a faint whistling sound.
The structure chattered throughout the earthquake.
The rocking motion was nauseating.
After all the spinning had stopped, Megan felt better.
The criminals taunted the police officers and prison guards.
Catherine walked alongside the canal.
Lemons and thyme should go well.
He had to spit some tobacco out of his mouth.
The packaging was broken.
Patrick has terminal cancer.
The patient's throat feels swollen.
Susan wrapped each present individually.
Christmas is a lot like Easter.
Apple pie is an iconic dish.
The carpet was exquisite.
Dennis couldn't approach the monolith.
The football jocks laughed viciously.
Mark untaped the package carefully.
Ellie won first prize in the spelling competition.
A ghostly figure appeared.
Let's go Hiking across France.
The whole thing seemed depressingly futile.
The volume wouldn't increase much further.
She put the amplifier on mute until they calmed down.
The music was captivating.
Every folder contained a photo.
Casper predicted the outcome.
The drawer was stuck closed.
Welcome to Dave's guitar session.
The microphone put out a muffled signal.
The sticker was peeling from the item.
A citation wasn't needed.
It was aligned perfectly.
There was no justification provided.
The nurse waddled around the ward.
Jane spoke emphatically.
There was no empathy for her now.
The Christian bible has seen many changes throughout history.
They drank their milk and fell asleep.
The children were almost tyrannical.
Worryingly, the radio signal became weaker.
The router overheated and needed to be restarted.
My password has been changed without permission.
I have come to enquire about the antelope.
The requirements are rather high for this job.
Nobody knew who Malcolm was.
Toffee coated all the surfaces, it was disgustingly sticky.
My chemist told me to take these tablets before eating.
The table was adorned with lavish decorations.
Gary pulled another coin from his pouch.
My keyboard is filled with dust.
That insane android continues to ignore me.
For some reason, we were blocked from entering.
The list was frighteningly extensive.
That bold remark will be remembered for a long time.
Elizabeth reclined gracefully.
The picnic was ruined by a marching band.
As they watched the waves crashing into each other, Alice thought of home.
Johnathan assessed the situation carefully.
I've got indigestion.
Harry hoped he would see some success from the current project.
Every file had the letter "A" printed on the front.
There was no respite to be had.
I recovered myself and continued the walk home.
The buttons made a strange clicking sound when pressed.
The alien gurgled and thrashed its tentacles.
A good example of a dinosaur is the Pterodactyl.
The lift was operated by a pneumatic system.
You have developed a serious case of pneumonia.
His dessert smelled musty, not sweet.
It was an oblong shape.
The concrete was covered in moss.
The window opened outward.
The cursor blinked, expectantly.
The ivy climbed up the building and wrapped itself around the chimney.
It was flowering beautifully.
Aesthetically speaking, it was ugly.
The proportions were all wrong.
There was no way to measure anything of that length.
The octopus worried the squid.
She's a feisty little ferret.
The tin was made from aluminium.
What is my function?
Margarine is just butter with an inferiority complex.
There is a digital representation available.
The walls were covered with a thick paste.
Angela wanted to copy everything he had done.
The plastic barrier shattered.
Theresa couldn't feel any more dumb right now.
June decided to retire.
August may have ended early.
It was a very warm October.
January was hot on the heels of December.
The clock was slightly askew.
A little lemongrass should freshen it up.
Bacon, pancakes and maple syrup is a hearty start to any day.
I saw Neil yesterday afternoon.
Boris the lion cried like a donkey.
Paracetamol should get rid of that pain.
There was no justification for it.
The caterpillar responded with a nod.
The robot was filled with wires and circuit boards.
Sandra read aloud the strange excerpt.
Cassie dismantled the bicycle.
Eric took his vitamins and continued his exercise regime.
February took a book from the shelves.
The pink love heart keyring glowed.
Saul was infuriating the others.
The swimming pool was full of chlorine.
Benjamin was snacking on strips of bacon.
Elsa knitted furiously.
Yours sincerely, Satan.
The insurance was sky high.
Our mortgage is in arrears.
The vertex was out of alignment.
A missing parrot is called a polygon.
The track pad on this laptop needs calibrating.
Calibration complete.
The toilet needed cleaning.
A registration process is required.
The cistern was malfunctioning.
They inspected the menu at the restaurant.
We're going to Glasgow next year.
My job requires a lot of travelling.
The train pulled into the station.
Carbon monoxide is a very dangerous gas.
Sodium Chloride is just common table salt.
Liz put the flowers into a mirrored vase.
Yeah, I like that.
My shampoo is made from coconut and sweet almond.
The shower curtain is beige and white.
My cat laid there, soaking up the sunlight.
The population was increasing exponentially.
The incantation was written in italics.
The medical industry saves lives.
She decided against it.
Her hair flowed down her back.
It was repetitious, but soothing.
The thirteenth of march is meant to be unlucky.
It's raining heavily, take an umbrella.
We rejoiced at the citadel.
March was windy and dark.
April cuddled her lamb.
This biscuit is yummy.
She retracted her statement.
It was immediately apparent.
The smell was noxious.
The corruption ran deep.
She had her cardigan on.
These trousers don't fit very well.
Her jeans have holes in them.
The homeless seem to like soup.
Merry Christmas my dears.
It receded into the hole.
He slipped on the stairs.
We cannot forget that farce.
There was a rough patch of skin.
Acne is mainly a problem for teenagers.
It was a juggernaut.
She was reminded of her mistakes.
He was bisexual, I think.
The interface was indecipherable.
I couldn't ascertain the reason.
The report was largely scathing.
I needed immediate access.
In another year, maybe I can help.
Her records were incomplete.
Jupiter has a great red spot.
Mars is almost uninhabitable.
Venus is far too hot for exploration.
Take her to the hospital.
They exploited their guests.
The kangaroo hopped noisily.
My chinchilla eats bread.
They erased all evidence of their crimes.
We need to be confident, all of us.
He proposed a solution.
She awoke from the nightmare.
I felt a chill down my spine.
This recording is corrupted.
My hamster turned my homework into bedding.
Who is responsible for these parrots?
Angela is pregnant, she told me.
The birthday party was a surprise.
The car engine has seized.
I went swimming with dolphins yesterday.
The porcupine scurried home.
She desperately wolfed her food down.
The city's lights were stunning to behold.
It frightened the deer, scaring her into the road.
That is an antelope, my son.
You're my daughter, and I love you.
We returned to the cemetery.
He fondled his bright orange beard.
The handle snagged my coat.
The briefing room was abandoned.
He expertly gutted the rabbit.
The lumberjack jumped up the tree.
The terrorist group made their demand.
That woman stole my purse!
Queuing is something the British excel at.
That rollercoaster was insane!
She tied her shoelaces into a bow.
It almost retained its shape.
My allergy has gotten much worse today.
That song reminds me of my childhood.
He still calls his mother 'mummy'.
The charcoal burned away to white ash.
These sausages are extremely tasty.
There was no response from the elders.
She composed an emotional song in her bedroom.
We've run out of petrol and diesel.
It was like electricity through her veins.
The electrician looked puzzled.
It was engineering at its finest.
The suspension bridge was swinging in the gale.
It was a fighter jet, flying between the buildings.
The accommodation was affordable and cosy.
A hundred nuns stampeded the Vatican.
The Queen sampled the selection of cakes.
They were racing down the streets with no regard for anyone.
What idiot wrote this total drivel?
The cottage burned down.
They were all furious when the escapade failed.
That florescent pink colour is hurting my eyes.
He felt invisible among all those young people.
A whiskey is the perfect end to my day.
She put on her slippers, scaled the stairs, and went to bed.
Fresh coffee is much better than the freeze dried stuff.
Was that question rhetorical?
The airplane rose gracefully into the sky.
I can see a smiling face in the clouds.
The sunset sometimes turns the sky red.
This banana tastes like cherries.
There was a shimmering green light emanating from the statue.
He hunched his back and plodded through the heavy rain.
I'm sure this gate was locked the last time I checked.
The stained glass offered a hypnotic atmosphere.
The houses were squashed together like sardines.
She diluted the broth with chicken stock.
The trees swayed uniformly in the breeze.
It occurred to me late last night.
The grass was peppered with daisies.
They were spaced out, in rows three feet apart.
The train lines provided an easy path to follow.
How they managed to improvise at such short notice, she'll never know.
Andreas placed the shell against his ear so he could hear the ocean.
The river babbled inanely to itself.
There wasn't much impetus to finish our chores.
He employed the most cunning of tactics.
Alison couldn't help but feel pride in her creation.
She's going to lose her mind when she finds out.
Pedro hugged his teddy as hard as he could.
The Italian got her words mixed up.
That guy over there likes to drink a lot, talk a lot, but do nothing.
I'm OK if you're OK about it.
Team Four will meet up at point B with team Five.
We first met each other under the Eiffel tower, it was magical.
He tried with all his strength to wrench open the door in a panic.
Epilepsy is a condition which sends the sufferer into uncontrollable convulsions.
They were inspired by that disaster to never let it happen again.
The ship appeared to be constructed with some form of chromium exoskeleton.
The USB device didn't function correctly.
She carefully removed the evidence from its packaging.
The freeway was nearly deserted, so they cruised effortlessly to their exit.
As they stood on the escalator, they wondered how high they were.
Reality was permanently scarred from those force field experiments.
As Jennifer walked down the aisle, she wondered if she had made a mistake.
It was as if Carl realised that he was a puppet under someone else's control.
There was an accident at work, a camel stampede nearly killed the janitor.
A comet came within miles of the Earth, it almost obliterated the moon.
I've really started to appreciate Imperial measurements, you could say I'm a convert.
That radiator is emitting an uncomfortable amount of heat.
Joshua regretted buying a cheap air conditioner now that it was warmer.
'Under Construction' is simply translated to 'super fun playground'.
This kettle is quicker at boiling water than the old one.
The Christian preacher looked up to the heavens while praising his lord.
Leanne joined a choir so everyone could hear her sublime singing voice.
Benjamin repeated the question again, but in a commanding way.
The snake slithered toward the shaded boulders under the cliff.
The opening dilated and squeezed the amorphous entity out onto the floor.
Kenneth reacted badly to the steroids, he's under observation for the next hour.
Remember to take your full course of antibiotics, stopping early is dangerous for your health.
The diver forced open the oyster, revealing a shimmering pearl.
As the astronaut walked into the translucent pod, it transformed into an opaque material.
The space station rocked violently due to the intense pressure wave from the airlock failure.
The bizarre presentation involving thirteen ducks, an iguana and a platypus changed the mood somewhat.
Never advertise razors by shaving a monkey, it's cruel and results in lawsuits.
Jack admitted that the lizards added a whole new dimension to his sauna experience.
Class was dismissed due to a freak incident caused by a chemical spill.
Anita passed out during gymnastics, she recovered quickly.
The xylophone would just be a glockenspiel if it wasn't so metal.
Our group played guitars while the others randomly hit resonant objects.
The hunter was alerted by the sound of rustling vegetation behind her.
Machine gun fire awoke the fugitives and sent them into a frenzy.
The computer artist waited for the latest image to render.
Judge Clark found this disagreement difficult to resolve.
Two physicists pondered their revised quantum field theory together.
There was a fluctuation in the water pressure that fed the whale tank.
Nobody wanted to discuss how we all ended up trapped in a giant lunchbox.
Pink foam floated gently through the air, landing on the parked vehicles.
Samantha's boots felt heavy and her chest was tightening.
Jackson was glad that he'd wore Kevlar that morning.
Thailand turned out to be a very satisfying holiday.
Hold your nose to keep the smell from disabling your motor functions.
Bill decided that management should know about this incident.
The cushion was soft and inviting.
All the birds began to sing at the first light of dawn.
The scale model of the architects plans sat at the center of the conference room.
A steel framed table separated one half of the room from the other.
The old lady didn't mince her words.
I was frightened by a presence in my house that whispered terrible things.
The cacophony reached a crescendo that almost tore our ear drums.
My palms were sweaty and my mouth was dry, it must be a phobia.
Diabetics should always keep a syringe of insulin handy.
The child soaked up information like a sponge.
Doctor Kim dressed the wound with a bandage while looking disappointed at me.
Japanese culture is incredibly addictive, their buildings look amazing.
Apparently, it's the dumplings that make this stew taste so good.
The Internet is built upon many protocols which complement each other perfectly.
They met each other via online video messaging.
Christine valued her freedom, and would never deny anyone that privilege.
He decanted the wine and began to recount the disturbing story he had been told.
The tide rushed into the estuary at a menacing pace.
Somebody had returned my lost credit card to the bank.
The rainforests are depleted, we turned the planet into a waste ground.
Doughnuts are best with strawberry sprinkles and coffee.
We sharpened our wits at university so we could handle this crisis.
The flock of flamingos landed gracefully on their awkward looking legs.
The crowd gasped as they realised that the speaker was completely naked.
As they began to decorate the hallway, a silhouette appeared in the doorway.
The flight attendant winked at the obnoxious passenger seated next to me.
The teacher thought that he'd taught himself all he could.
At the airport, the woman threw herself into revision for college so she could experience university.
Wrapped in a scarf and blinded by the blizzard, the boy scrambled for the subway.
The deranged developer revised his application source code after a careful study of its contents.
He took his plate, grabbed a knife and fork and scowled at the savagery on television.
The builder placed the brick onto the plank of wood, so it would bend into shape.
The shining gem was exhilarating to behold as it sparkled.
The president heroically fought against such savagery.
Carol hid inside the shipping container.
The Scottish parliament contains politicians.
Ronnie watched in horror as the mirror transformed.
The tired paramedic handed over his patient for surgery.
Jill caught the ball that Peter had thrown towards her.
The plumber tightened the leaking valve.
Vicky wanted to not make a spectacle of herself.
Pierre decided to research gay culture.
The cover of the magazine showed a cute puppy.
Steven touched himself on the back of his neck.
The scalpel incision was clean and straight.
The tribe was almost eradicated.
The fluid sprayed across the foyer.
They whisked themselves into a frenzy.
The cringe levels were almost unbearable.
Emma tapped her nails on her mobile phone.
The secretary tugged at a loose fibre.
The lens was heavy, but it had an amazing zoom.
They raised their glasses in the old bar.
The jar lid was too tight to unscrew.
My husband revealed he was homosexual.
Someone set fire to the trash.
I wanted the doll, but the auction became too expensive.
He was betting on that outcome.
This cup is made of polystyrene.
The smoker cleared his lungs of phlegm.
That recital made my brain implode.
It was an element of her sexuality.
The newspapers demanded democracy.
Children jumping in puddles.
There are deformed fish in that lake.
To be fully funded, some lending must occur.
Licorice is a black chewy food.
The frog climbed the tower.
The snake jetted venom.
I admit that I'm an alcoholic.
Turkey for Thanksgiving.
Helium makes your voice high pitched.
We rolled the log over the hill.
I'm addicted to recycling.
The fence post shattered.
The shaking disturbed the rat nest.
Would anyone care for some lavender custard?
His seat was unstable.
The bench was long and strong.
The pages of the book flipped upside down.
The cat sat on the fence.
It rattled menacingly.
Stacey couldn't find the power switch.
Stanley felt exhilarated.
This peach tart is tasty.
We went to the zoo to see the zebras.
The horse galloped uncontrollably.
The decision was already made.
They jetted off to the Bahamas.
The priest collapsed backwards.
It was a bill for a hundred and twenty pounds.
The giraffe had become fearful.
She used her microscope to inspect it.
The country lane was muddy and poorly lit.
All the villagers cheered.
The pilots braced themselves for impact.
My laptop has crashed.
Her manipulation failed.
The ashtray was empty.
A lantern lit up the trees.
This log cabin is so quaint.
The chair had leather upholstery.
Denise hoovered the rug.
The solar eclipse cast us all in shadow.
My freezer contains enough for a banquet.
Our religion dictates our actions.
The conspiracy nuts will love this.
The silicon sealant has dried.
The daffodils are blooming.
We went to the beach to sunbathe.
The fort was a secure structure.
It dribbled down the fridge.
Sexuality is a mystery.
Abraham provided many treats.
The ceiling collapsed inwards.
Please take a business card.
The complimentary refreshments were satisfactory.
Richard has gone camping by himself.
Graham had trained rigourously.
The chilli sauce provided spiciness.
The cinema was abandoned.
The biological threat was contained.
If you roll out the pastry thin.
The rectangle was parallel to the square.
Bob lifted the dusty scroll.
Claire's cupboard was empty.
