The cat jumped up onto the table and knocked the vase over.
She looked across the engine room and screamed.
What kind of legislative nightmare is this?
As she watched, the cat washed his ears and then settled down to sleep.
In one quick move, she activated the aft cannons and fired on the enemy ship.
The draft document was flawed in so many ways.
She couldn’t find the energy to comment on everything.
I have a new rug, it really ties the room together.
With a contented sigh, the cat settled down to sleep.
The creature moved with peristaltic waves of its strange and muscular body.
She at once felt that Mr. Ashby had done her a great disservice.
And what kind of idiocy is this?
Wading birds have long legs and long beaks to keep their feathers out of the water.
The Mazarine Blue butterfly is extinct in the United Kingdom.
The honeysuckle gave off a wave of sweet scent as she brushed past it in the twilight.
The fence was painted in a dirty shade of green.
My dining room has a new art deco style lamp.
She gazed upwards at the bright stars and wondered whether she would ever get home.
Pterosaurs are not dinosaurs but are closely related.
My cat has a brown nose which is often wet and shiny.
And if you really think about it, this is why we are here.
Does this wretched state persist forever, and if so, is it all meaningless?
Moons sped past the window in a receding, relativistic blur.
The coronal mass ejection from the star masked the signal.
Why does my bee always come last in the race?
Starting from the bottom means that you appreciate the full spectrum of experience.
Nearly seven thousand people had begun to realise just what a catastrophic mistake they had made.
And in the end, everyone escaped with only minor abrasions.
What kind of apparition is this?
She was procrastinating so much.
Chlorophyll absorbs most wavelengths of light apart from green.
The garden was alive with insects.
Dragonflies buzzed chaotically above the pond.
The lake was nestled in the ring of mountains.
Only a narrow passage allowed access to the isolated oasis.
She moved through the dark corridor, her weapon held too tightly in a rigid hand.
A pile of soft ashes coated her body and filled her nostrils.
Just plug it into the socket!
Voices seemed to float across the garden, were they real or imagined?
The background hum of the cars was almost soothing.
What a kerfuffle!
Hedgehogs are very cute but often covered in parasites such as fleas.
The largest ticks in the United Kingdom are mole ticks.
Who can tell us whether spaceflight will ever be commercially viable?
Swords clashed in a terrifying cacophony of sound but she did not flinch.
Cats whiskers are very sensitive.
The aeroplane passed overhead.
Bricks and mortar build a house, unless it’s made of something else.
It was complete idiocy.
Newspapers are rarely read in paper nowadays.
Waves broke across the sand in an endless susurration.
Gatekeeper butterflies are understated but very beautiful.
In an ideal world, chocolate would contain no calories but remain as delicious.
Amino acids are incredibly complex.
She mused on the question for a while.
It was camouflaged so well that no one would have suspected its presence.
It had all the hallmarks of a distinguished past.
Premonitions are not a safe basis for policy.
Please send us the invoice for the work you’ve done, we’d like to pay you.
And the music droned on in the background making the congregation sleepier than before.
Little fluffy clouds that seemed to have come straight from a child’s painting.
Everyone agrees that it was madness.
Francis lied on the ground and sighed.
The stripes made the animal blend into the background,
A light breeze carried the scent of dry earth and parched grass.
It was a storm that no one in the meteorological office predicted.
Often, films like this really are the best.
We’ve put in place some new capabilities.
Is this the right one to choose?
She decided that there was no answer that she could give.
