How big can elephants be?
Move these files into the pictures folder.
Where did you find that apple?
Teresa, Mildrid, Ralph, and Vonda all arrived yesterday evening.
Sometimes I wonder how there can be so many stars in the sky.
Does the venue offer free WiFi?
President Herbert Hoover had two children.
He gained fame as an Italian racing cyclist.
His saxophone solo was incredible.
I woke up to the screech of my neighbor practicing trumpet.
The juggler managed to keep five balls in the air at once.
Please shut the door.
Open the window.
Mow the lawn.
Where is my shoe?
A bat is in the cave.
Please bring soap.
We need more soap.
Do not cross the yellow line.
Despite years of research, the problem remained intractable.
Where is my dress?
The children learned how knit.
The yellow fish swam across the lake.
Can we please leave now?
Fedric was unable to find his lucky marble.
Delete this file.
Ines loves to go swimming.
Sal is good at running.
Have you seen Hollie?
It looks like Lena left her jacket.
Is this a picture of a cat?
The doctor removed her gloves.
The scientist wrote her paper.
Allison found her phone.
I got a call from Ben.
Next time it rains, please call me.
Ron was late to the meeting.
Gina is a great chess player.
Remind me to feed the cat when I get home.
Karl is over there.
When are we leaving for the party?
Clifton is unable to reach the shelf.
Hello, my name is Brenda.
Have you met Peter?
Jennifer is very creative.
Robert is king of the playground.
Remind me to send another email.
Remind me to buy some eggs next time I am at the store.
Ruth is upset.
Sharon knows how to annoy her sister.
Karen will not be coming today.
Brian is leaving today.
Thomas took a trip to Canada.
Zeus is the Greek god of thunder.
Mount Everest is found on the international boarder between China and Nepal.
Maria is bringing her friend Walter.
The teacher is not happy with his students.
The nurse is unwilling to give him the medicine.
Ryan knows how to swim.
Virginia does not know how to fly the kite.
Doctor Clark arrived last week.
Mister Turner will not be happy with this.
Professor Phillips is credited with discovering a new way to make batteries.
Mister Robinson will be on time.
Doctor Garcia has been practicing medicine for longer than I have been alive.
Mrs. Lewis was selected as the new commissioner.
Do you know how long I have been waiting for?
Where are you from?
What is today?
We must leave now.
I spilled coffee on my paper.
The dog was wagged its tail.
We must find out how long to run the experiment.
Why are you doing this?
It can't possibly be true that we lost.
It can't possibly be true that we won.
Why are you not at work?
Are you sure that is exactly what happened?
I do not think that Mister Diaz can be trusted.
We found the device in his cabinet.
That does not mean he is guilty.
I am not sure what other explanation we have.
Maybe he just put it there for safe keeping?
That is unlikely considering it has his name on it.
You know, he is an honest man.
That is what I thought as well, but it might not be true.
You need more evidence than that.
We also found suspicious letters in his mailbox.
That is not his mailbox.
It is in front of his house.
That is not her house.
That is the address in the address book under his name.
The book has been wrong in the past.
This time we know it is correct.
How do you know that it is correct?
We asked over twenty different people, and they all said it was his.
Do you know those people?
No, they were selected at random.
How can we know they have seen his house?
They all live in the area.
Fine, I agree this could be the case.
I knew you would be convinced.
Does this mean he will go to jail?
That is one possibility, but we would both prefer it did not happen.
Maybe he could just pay for the device.
No, that is not a good solution.
What if he made a new version?
She would need to replicate it exactly.
Hm, that does seem difficult.
Yes, it would be difficult.
However, I do not think it is impossible.
No one has ever done it before.
She is a very smart lady, and I think she can figure it out.
I hope you are right this time.
We all hope I am right.
I will tell her what we decided.
No, I will tell her myself.
You know her better, so you should do it.
Yes, that is what I was thinking too.
I am glad we have decided this then.
Good morning, how are you?
I am doing well.
What are you here for this morning?
I came to pickup my package that arrived today.
Do you know what kind of package it was?
I think it came in a long, red box.
I do not remember seeing anything that looked like that.
Can you please check your inventory?
Sure, I will be right back.
Wow, this is a nice table!
I found five things that you described.
Great, can you show them to me?
I am afraid that I would need to charge you for that.
That is not fair at all!
That is the way the system works.
The rules should be changed.
I do not make the rules unfortunately.
How much will it cost.
With your thirty percent discount it will cost eighty-five dollars.
That is a lot for such a small task.
I need to pay rent and keep the doors open.
Can I pay in cash?
You can pay in cash or with a credit card.
Here is the money you wanted.
Thank you for your understanding.
You are welcome, I suppose.
Here are the twelve items I was referring too.
They are very impressive, I will admit.
I thought you would be pleased with them.
Look closely at the one on the left.
I am, but I do not see anything special.
It changes color when you say the words "blue sponge".
That is a weird phrase.
I did not chose that phrase.
Where did it come from then?
It was like that way when it arrived.
Can it be changed?
Unfortunately, the choice is permanent.
Hey look, a flying pig!
Welcome to the party, Sandra!
Thank you Nicholas for inviting me.
Did you have any problem finding the house?
No, I asked Pamela and Mark for directions before I left.
That seems odd because Mark has never been to the house.
She said you told her where it was.
Oh, I think you are right.
Who has already arrived?
Here, let me show you around.
That would be very kind of you.
Have you met Catherine?
No, but it is nice to meet you.
Janet is a world-class tennis player.
Oh, I used to play tennis when I was younger.
What made you stop playing?
Unfortunately I broke my leg in an accident and could not continue.
That is really sad to here.
Yeah, I was in a wheel chair for months.
Oh no, that is terrible!
Please don't be concerned.
Okay, I will not be concerned.
Debra is a explorer that has been all over the world.
I have always wanted to travel the world.
I would recommend doing it before you get too old.
What was your favorite thing to see in your travels?
When I visited South America I had dinner with Aaron, Douglas, Nicole, and Raymond.
What did you eat for dinner?
We had a wonderful dish that was seasoned with Chili Peppers.
I love spicy food!
Me too, so I try to get plenty wherever I go.
Have you been to Japan?
I went to Tokyo several years ago.
Did you try any Japanese food while you were there.
I do not like sushi, so I did not really enjoy the meal.
How about Egypt?
I went to Egypt with my grandmother.
What did you think of that trip?
My grandmother and I went inside the Great Pyramid.
Did you see any ghosts?
No, but I saw a gift shop.
How was the food there?
I ate a dish with rice, spaghetti, hummus, and caramelized onions.
Did you think it was tasty.
It was not too bad.
Do you like fruit?
I like apples, pears, and pomegranate, but I do like strawberries or grapes.
My uncle was fruit farmer.
What did he grow?
He grew strawberries, so you would not like it.
My niece runs a farmer's market.
My uncle may have been to your niece's market.
That would be funny if he did.
Yes, it would be.
My aunt used to be in the business as well.
Is that how your niece began?
No, my aunt never wanted her to do that.
It was nice talking with you.
Thanks for chatting with me.
Let me introduce you to Benjamin.
We have already met, but it would be nice to see him again.
Hello, Benjamin.
It has been so long since I have seen you!
I just want to give you a big hug!
Please do not touch me.
You are so rude!
Tyler, do you remember when I gave you that note?
I think it was last Thursday, but I am not sure.
It is very important that you remember.
I am certain it was on Friday.
Hey, don't go there!
I am supposed to be here.
Let me see your ticket.
I forgot my ticket on the train.
If you do not have your ticket, I cannot let you in.
My brother is performing tonight.
That man is your brother?
Victoria pointed at the poster and shook her head.
Jerry could not believe it.
"Here, let me show you," said Ann.
Sean stood there tapping his foot impatiently.
Kathleen pulled her phone out of her pocket.
Alexander was not sure why she did it.
Mary found the website and showed it to Daniel.
James read the information on the screen and could not believe it.
"See," said Sarah, "that is my brother."
Paul apologized to Linda and unlocked the door.
Inside Elizabeth saw Donald.
How can I help you madam?
Sarah told him that she was there to see her brother.
Thomas told her that her brother had canceled his show.
Betty was surprised.
Tears streamed down Dorothy's face.
Charles looked on, angry that there was nothing he could do.
Suddenly, Kimberly had an idea.
Look John, I just cannot support that.
Margaret was on her knees, begging Melissa to change her mind.
No matter how much he offered, Scott would not accept the deal.
The lights dimmed and the music started.
The concert was loud enough for everyone in the city to hear.
There have been reports the event might be canceled.
NASA plans to launch the rocket tomorrow.
The race was finished in just thirty nine minutes, beating all expectations.
The cake will be ready in seventeen minutes.
We pride ourselves in completing all requests in less than twenty four hours.
The transfer required two hours nineteen minutes and ten seconds to complete.
Built January nineteenth, nineteen-seventeen, the monument is now celebrating its centennial.
Scientists believe the Solar System formed around four point six billion years ago.
The mall is open eight thirty AM to five thirty PM.
Please schedule a meeting between me and John at three thirty tomorrow.
The election was held May nineteen-seventy-six.
After being sealed for more than eighty four years, the vault was finally opened in twenty-fourteen.
We meet every other Monday.
Can we plan on doing it on Tuesday?
I am only available on Wednesday.
The festival happens the last Thursday of the month.
We all know that our favorite day of the week is Friday.
I have to work this Saturday.
Sunday will not work for me.
Did you know they are closed in January?
Our busiest time of year is in February.
The march is supposed to take place in March.
We will be visiting in April.
We will be out of town for most of May.
The children are not in school in June.
I like the city, but in July it is too hot.
We have it scheduled for August first.
Please try to let us know by September.
It is odd that is so cold in October.
I would prefer to do it in November.
I can not believe it is already December.
Let me know by the thirteenth.
The castle was built in the early sixteenth century.
This is the twenty-first century solution to the problem.
People born in twenty-eighteen will possibly live into the twenty-second century.
The theater is closed for renovations, but will reopen in twenty-nineteen.
The insurance policy will expire in twenty-twenty.
We are obligated to continue until twenty-twenty-one.
By twenty-twenty-two I expect the problem will be solved.
The building is scheduled to open in twenty-twenty-three.
The next time the eclipse occurs is in twenty-twenty-four.
In twenty-twenty-five grandpa will celebrate his hundredth birthday.
While it has a long shelf life, the items will expire in twenty-twenty-six.
In twenty-twenty-seven I will old enough to drive.
Twenty-twenty-eight is going to be the first year in over eight decades we must cancel the event.
We expect this stay relevant until twenty-twenty-nine.
The model predicts that by twenty-thirty, the chances could more than double.
The recipe requires three-quarters of a cups of sugar.
The irrational number Pi, which represents the ratio between a circle's circumference and its diameter, approximately equals three point one four one five.
The pin number is three, seven, two, six.
I thought of buying the hat, but then saw that it cost eighty-four dollars.
The car sold for twelve thousand three hundred and sixty nine euros.
The car sold for twelve thousand four hundred and sixty nine dollars.
The car sold for six thousand three hundred and sixty nine pounds.
The item costs five euros.
The item costs five Yen.
The new highway is expected to cost nine point two four million dollars.
We are opening the a new location at ten eighty-seven Oak Street.
You must be at least one hundred and fifty centimeters to ride the ride.
The tallest building in the world is eight hundred twenty nine point eight meters tall.
Flight four B nine one was delayed due to poor weather.
We expect more than thirty thousand people to attend.
It weighs five kilograms.
The population was eighteen thousand four hundred and thirty two.
In surprise finish, the final score was seven to five.
The bestselling novel was read four million times.
H2O is the chemical formula for water.
World leaders gathered for the UN meeting.
The CIA and MI-Six are secret spy agencies.
Most reports of UFOs have never been verified.
If you have an issue in the workplace, you are encouraged to contact the HR department.
The new proposal goes by the acronym WNA.
Every computer on the Internet has an IP address.
Do you want to play a game.
What game do you want to play?
Have you played chess?
John likes checkers.
We will not have any money left.
Please go to aisle seven.
The flight was delayed by twenty two minutes.
Will it rain tomorrow?
Is it raining right now?
What is the weather in Brazil during the summer?
I love caramel candies.
We had some delicious caramel apples.
I love chocolate candies.
I found a receipt for Caramel Nougat Bars.
Where have you been this afternoon?
The child was rushed to the hospital after swallowing a crayon.
The students colored with their crayons.
The child was rushed to the hospital after swallowing a cap.
The students colored with their colored pencils.
I must speak to my lawyer.
The lawyer sat in the courtroom.
The judge sat in the courtroom.
The mother sat in the courtroom.
Can I get the sandwich without mayonnaise?
The sandwich comes with ham, cheese, tomatoes, mayonnaise, pickles.
Can I get the sandwich without tomatoes?
Can I get the sandwich without pickles?
The child put on his pajamas.
She forgot her pajamas at home.
This November I had some pecan pie.
I like both apple and pecan pie.
I love syrup and pancakes.
May I have some syrup to go on these pancakes?
The tomato sauce was great.
We threw a surprise birthday party for Ali.
Have you seen Omar?
I think he was with Mohamed.
I thought I saw him with Ahmed.
My friend Murad is coming in this weekend.
Oh, what are you going to when he arrives?
I have not decided yet.
Hussein and I might get dinner together.
Let me introduce you to Antonio.
Look! There is Manuel crossing the street.
Hello! It is great to see you!
We know that Mark does not like spicy food.
I think I see John and Mina over there in the vegetable aisle.
Happy birthday Mina!
How many slices would you like Santiago?
It took forty five minutes for Pedro to drive to work.
I know Daniel quite well.
Do you know if Dylan is going to go with us?
I with Kevin would go with us.
My brother Elijah fell off his bike.
Fabian does not like pepper.
Elena will be late.
Olivia, have you seen my keys?
No, have you checked on the counter?
I did not see them there.
I lost them last Thursday.
I will ask Liam if he can help me look.
Hm, I will have to ask Ian about that.
No, I have not seen it.
Emma is running the third race today.
Over four hundred participants competed in the race.
That was seven hundred more than last year.
The price is up twenty two percent.
Abigail and Sara told me the secret.
Did you know that Nikola was going to join us?
The wizard cast a very powerful spell over the town.
Wow! It looks like it is flying!
Steps one through five look like they will be easy.
Thomas one first place in the competition.
We met Alexander and the bar and had a great time last night.
Dmitry helped me with my homework.
Did you know that Harry got a new job?
William ran down the street.
When he got the call, Ali ran out of the store, down the street, and into the car.
My wife had a baby last week.
She is seven months pregnant.
The baby is due next week.
The baby tried cake for the first time on her first birthday.
Mia turned seven today.
Lara is coming here for dinner.
Where did Charlotte leave her keys?
Olivia came to pick up the cup cakes.
Emily was stung by a jellyfish.
Do you have Nina's phone number?
Do you have Isabella's phone number?
Do you have Hugo's phone number?
The dragon breathed a stream of fire thirty feet long.
The light danced across the lake.
After twelve hours of rowing, Darius climbed out of the canoe, and lied down on the beach to nap.
The starlight would guide us as the sun bid us farewell.
When he saw the storm clouds in the sky, Jaka wished he would have remembered his umbrella.
Gabriel knows how to throw a good party.
Nadia had had enough complaints of all the complaints from Sofia.
Ying told us to bring extra strawberries.
Did you know that Mohammad was so good at tennis?
We are going to the football game tonight.
The football game ended with neither team scoring a single point.
My brother is a professional football player.
The twenty-twenty Olympics will be held in Tokyo.
The twenty-eigtheen Olympics will be in Pyeongchang.
I am going to Germany tomorrow.
I am going to the USA tomorrow.
I am going to Asia tomorrow.
The flag is red, blue, and yellow.
The police arrived at the scene thirty minutes later.
The ambulance drove down the street sirens blaring.
The ambulance drove quickly to the hospital.
The president of Russia is Vladimir Putin.
Find a picture older than five weeks.
I'm not happy that it is taking so long.
Please be careful around the crocodile.
The Queen of Denmark was born in nineteen-fourty.
Victoria was born in nineteen-seventy-four.
Oprah Winfrey held a talk show for many years.
Marilyn Monroe passed away in nineteen-sixty-two.
John F. Kennedy was born in nineteen-seventeen.
Justin Bieber is a Canadian singer that rose to fame in two-thousand-and-eight.
Elvis Presley is often called the "King of Rock and Roll".
Leonardo DiCaprio is staring in the new movie.
Cristiano Ronaldo has won twenty four trophies in his career.
Johnny Depp is reprising his role for the third time in the new film.
The most recent presidents of the United States are Donald Trump, Barack Obama, and George W. Bush.
Michael Jordan played basketball for fifteen seasons.
Tom Hanks is the third highest-grossing actor in North America.
Katy Perry is a famous American singer.
Tom Cruise is a famous movie star born in nineteen-sixty-two.
Tiger Woods is a famous golfer.
Harry Styles was a member of the boy band One Direction.
Britney Spears is a pop singer.
C.S. Lewis is the author of The Chronicles of Narnia series.
Matthew McConaughey is an American actor.
Michael Jackson began his career as part of the Jackson Five.
Albert Einstein's famous equation E equals MC squared is one of the best known equations in physics.
Albert Einstein was a German physicist who developed the Theory of Relativity.
Mahatma Gandhi led the Indian independence movement in the twentieth century.
The famous Mona Lisa painting was painted by Leonardo Da Vinci.
Abraham Lincoln was the sixteenth president of the United States.
George Washington was the first president of the United States.
Martin Luther King Jr. was an an American civil rights leader.
Nelson Mandela was President of South Africa for five years.
The Beatles were a famous English rock band.
John Lennon and Paul McCartney are two famous members of the Beatles.
Jackie Chan is a famous martial artist and actor from Hong Kong.
William Shakespeare was an English poet and playwright that lived during the late sixteenth century.
Neil Armstrong was the first man to step foot on the moon.
A large painting hung over the fireplace.
I saw that once before.
He's probably trying to get in.
The old man left the book.
But you could bring them there!
Michael took a cigarette from his pocket and placed it in his mouth.
He was ludicrously fast on a bike.
Two men spoke in Arabic while having a drink at the bar.
I met up with Aditya at the party and we talked for hours.
Where did Arnav get his new sofa?
Forty on Thursday is the name of the event.
Not too bad, I suppose.
The omens have led me on a wild chase.
The pigs and cows ran everywhere.
Priya was late to class.
It seems Rahul had thought everything.
We will be meeting Abhishek there later tonight.
It is a magical world filled with elves, dwarves, and dragons.
When will the train arrive this morning?
How often has the train been late?
After the king had been rescued, he gave me his crown.
The police came to the rescue just before the situation became dangerous.
She was lost, lonely, and needed help.
Look, if you wanted to try again, you should have told me.
When was the last time you took a dose of acetaminophen?
He reached into the drawer and took two tablets of Tylenol.
Ibuprofen can be taken every six to eight hours, but should not be given to children under the age of six months.
Albuterol is used to treat or prevent bronchospasm.
I told my doctor that I developed a sore throat last Sunday.
Guaifenesin is a medication to break up mucus in the lungs.
Advil should not be taken with alcohol.
The doctor told me I should start taking Crestor to help lower my cholesterol.
The medication rosuvastatin is one of the most prescribed in the U.S.
Allegra is the brand name for the drug fexofenadine, and can relieve allergies and skin itching.
Ativan is an anti-anxiety medication.
Zocor, which goes by the generic name simvastatin, is a medication that can be used to lower cholesterol.
The medication Norvasc can be used to help control blood pressure.
After I developed a fever, my doctor gave me a prescription of the antibiotic Amoxicillin.
Zyrtec is the brand name for cetirizine, and is used to treat allergy symptoms.
General Relativity can be abbreviated as GR or GTR.
Jacob was feeling under the weather lately.
“Stop him!” the man shouted, as the thief hopped in his car.
While balancing a blueberry muffin on his head, Hugo then leaped into the air, did a backflip, and as he landed, caught the muffin in his mouth.
Emma was was like other most other little girls in her class, except for one thing. 
However, her life was made difficult by the fact that she had five kidneys.
Gabriel was unable to lift the rock to retrieve his lost marble.
I think it started last week, but it could have been the week before that.
When I saw Emilia last she seemed very stressed. 
I am concerned her new job might not be going too well.
Maria had worked too hard to allow the first rejection to stop her.
We met Jose at the park, and then walked along the river until the dusk.
Richard Stallman, the president of the Free Software Foundation, is sometimes referred to by his initials, RMS.
The project was started in nineteen-eighty-three.
He turned sixty-five last week.
She has lived in New York City all her life.
Mia knew it was going to be a bad the day the moment her car wouldn’t start.
We met with Manuel last week, but it was not very productive.
Mohamed told me he might be late, and that we shouldn’t feel the need to wait for him.
My friend Youssef taught me how to knit.
I went with Mustafa to the store to buy a new washing machine.
Ali is was not happy when he saw that his experiment had failed.
I woke up and saw that I missed a call from Hamza at three a.m.
We haven’t spoken to each other after the fight.
I met Meriem yesterday at the zoo.
I have known Hasnaa since we were kids.
We don’t know when Kenza will get here, but hopefully it will be soon.
When will Santiago get here?
I haven’t slept for two days and I can hardly walk.
With Catalina eliminate, the final match will be between Florence and Lorena.
How was I supposed to know that Sebastián didn’t actually know how to drive a car?
I asked Bo if he could help me move the sofa.
After running the marathon, Peng was so happy he almost cried.
Did you know that Yousouf is a five time juggling champion?
I am not sure if Xiaoyan has ever been to Colorado before.
Rodrigo and Matej both managed to forget their keys today.
Since Elizaveta became pregnant, she no longer liked eating her favorite food.
I know that Rawiri will be a great teacher, since he always loved teaching his little siblings new things.
Arlo asked me to come to his wedding in the summer.
His wife Amelia is a hiker who has climbed almost every mountain in New Zealand.
I found it a bit weird that he had a pet zebra.
At the wedding, the bride and groom seemed visibly upset at each other.
At the wedding, my cousin got drunk and started telling embarrassing stories about the groom.
The priest’s car broke down, leaving everyone at the wedding wondering what to do.
The minister’s car broke down, leaving everyone at the wedding in distress.
The rabbi’s car ran out of gas on the way to the wedding.
Before the ceremony, it is a Jewish tradition for the groom to make a Ketubah.
Buddhism began in India thousands of years ago and today has more than half a billion followers.
There are different forms of Buddhism such as Mahayana Buddhism and Tibetan Buddhism.
I was really embarrassed because I told my sister I would order flowers for the event, but I completely forgot.
The cake was the best part of the meal.
After the DJ started the song, everyone ran to the dancefloor.
Tel Aviv is home to some some of the best museums in Israel.
Vienna is the capital of Austria.
I visited Bogota, the capital of Comoros.
He is from Cairo, the capital of Egypt.
The museum’s collection is worth billions of dollars.
He flew last week to visit his cousin in Mexico City.
I was only in Moscow for a day, and missed out on seeing the iconic Red Square. 
The weather is twenty-eight degrees, with wind out the southwest at nine miles per hour.
Sergey Sobyanin is the mayor Moscow.
The flight was supposed to be about fifteen hours, but if you count the multiple delays, it took nearly twenty four.
If you visit Singapore, be sure to also visit Merlion Park.
The hotel costs seventy dollars a night.
Checkout will be at three p.m.
Bern is the capital of Switzerland, and has some interesting medieval architecture in some parts of town.
When I visited Damascus I walked along the busy Hamra Street.
Lisbon is located on the coast of Portugal.
She had only been in Tokyo for a month, but she was fluent in Japanese.
He moved to Shenyang after studying Chinese history for two years.
We visited Jakarta for the weekend and had a great time.
My friend grew up in a suburb of London.
He is from São Paulo, but he has lived here for five years.
She grew up in LA, but now she lives in SF.
Hollywood is the center of the American film industry.
He grew up about sixty kilometers from Bangalore.
On my trip to Chicago the airline lost my bag.
He went to school in Madrid.
I am not sure, but I think he is in St Petersburg this week.
I leave Hong Kong and will fly to Beijing in the morning.
I spent last summer in Philadelphia.
My manager is moving to San Antonio.
San Diego is home to some great beaches.
The airport in Phoenix was very busy.
I met friend in downtown Houston, and then we drove to Dallas.
I visited Las Vegas last week.
My friend told me I should visit him in Detroit.
The football game Seattle was very intense.
We went to Baltimore for the conference.
I visited a friend in Austin.
I will move to Jacksonville next week.
Denver is known as the Mile High City.
Thomas is from Nashville, but he now lives in Memphis.
Fresno got record-setting rains last Friday.
The weather in Miami is not good today.
New Orleans is a three hour drive from here.
I have not been to Long Beach since I was in highschool.
I went to elementary school in Oakland.
The subway in New York was closed yesterday.
Franklin Mountains State Park is in El Paso.
San Jacinto Plaza was really busy last week.
The fireworks show was spectacular to watch, but Sofia cried the whole time.
Alice knew she would never go back again.
Jose, will you please grab my shoes from upstairs?
Greg, can you grab my suitcase over there?
Hey Gary, when was the last time you went to a baseball game?
Hi Kathleen, how was your trip here?
I left my phone on the desk last night.
Sarah, will you go with Logan to the store?
I went bowling with Richard last week, and lost by two hundred points.
I went fishing with Isabel, but we didn't catch anything.
Charles did not do his homework last night.
Valentina is the best chef I know.
While I knew she was in great shape, I had no idea that Olivia was once a professional Rugby player.
She has been struggling with depression after her father had a stroke.
We need leave before sunrise if we want to get there on time.
The mirror fell off the desk and broke into a thousand pieces.
He must be luckiest person on the planet!
The aliens did not seem very pleased with our gifts.
I did not know you liked to cook so much.
It is never good to keep secrets in these kinds of situations.
