The ladies and gentlemen I work for would be interested in acquiring your service on a temporary basis.
They would like to meet you to discuss matters in person.
An automobile will arrive at the end of the alley in half an hour, you are to get inside.
Please, call me James.
It has come to our attention that you are a man of adequate talents and little notoriety.
It is my hope that we might develop a fruitful business relationship.
I'm not sure I want any type of relationship with your sort of organisation.
We are not bad people simply because we operate outside of the law.
The law makes who I am illegal, but I have done no harm to anyone. 
We merely wish to employ you to help locate a missing item.
You would be suitably compensated, of course.
A decision not to aid us in an agreeable manner could lead to some seriously disagreeable behaviour on our part.
Very well then, what is it that you need me to track down?
It's a trinket of primarily sentimental value, although it might command a small sum on the open market, belonging to one of my employers.
He misses it greatly and would be very grateful to whomsoever might return it.
Inside, you'll find photographs and a brief synopsis of the item's history.
We would prefer for your search to be carried out discreetly.
I'm sorry, I can't help you.
What assurances do I have that you'll keep my name out of your story?
Why can't this researcher check your facts?
Who sent you to me?
When did you contact her?
It took me most of the day to track you down, it's not like you're listed in the phone book.
I don't have a phone.
Does this mean you're willing to talk to me?
Not just that, I have a feeling I'll be helping you track down your wayward researcher as well.
Perhaps, we could meet at the institute around noon since I have a few things I need to attend to first.
Do you know what he was last working on?
Not specifically no, he only gave me the gist of his research the one time I spoke to him.
Right, well let's poke around his lab a little.
Perhaps, one of his colleagues can shed a little light.
I'm afraid I'll have to see your passes, gentlemen.
Ah, how might one go about getting such a pass?
I issue all passes.
Could you issue us one perchance?
Under what circumstances might you be persuaded to provide us with passes?
You'll need a written letter of invitation from a member of the faculty.
I think we should go.
How did you get in before?
Seems you don't know as much about us as you thought.
I don't suppose you'd be willing to answer some of my questions while we're out here?
Okay kid, ask away.
So why would they want to drop the gold standard if not for the reasons they claim?
I'm a detective, not an economist. 
They go where the money goes. 
I have been directed to assist you with your enquiries.
You have a great deal of experience with investigative work then?
Can you do your babysitting from outside my office?
Noone is likely to hassle me too seriously in a bar full of people, so why don't you wait out here?
Whatever you may think I'm not your dog to be left chained to a lamppost.
Can I get you a drink?
Hey, looks like you made a new friend.
Yeah, one thing cats have going for them is that they don't follow you around so much.
I was hoping you might know a thing or two about my surly shadow?
He's a regular and he's connected, but then I expect you knew that much already.
He's smart, smart enough to keep his intellect hidden and fool people into underestimating him.
You must be mixed up in something pretty big if he's keeping such a close eye on you.
I'm merely being a little more circumspect.
Because prudence was always your strong suit.
You have a couch?
No, I have a single mattress and my office floor.
I assume this was your doing?
Fine, well I need to make a call before we leave.
Be right there, boss!
If you'd please follow me this way.
This is the lab in which the necklace was being stored.
Who was using this lab when the necklace was still here?
Is he not still in the area then?
I'm afraid not, he's visiting a sick relative somewhere in Germany.
So you don't believe it was stolen at all?
I'm sure you'll soon be able to enlighten us all as to the real state of affairs.
Did anyone else share this lab at the time?
I'd still like to have a word with her.
Very well, if you'd like to start your inspection of the lab area I'll go and fetch her.
What's all this about a necklace?
It was how I managed to get us invites to poke around.
I didn't notice a lock on the door.
No, we don't have many locked areas within the facility.
We have a very vigorous screening procedure for new recruits.
Bringing him was a mistake.
Valuable or not, if he becomes a liability, I'll be forced to clean up after you.
Good afternoon sir, how may I be of service?
Please hold while I have someone check our records room.
She'll meet us tonight.
However did you manage that?
When was the last time you spoke with him prior to his departure?
He rarely spoke to me of anything that didn't directly relate to our work.
Hopefully, you'll think twice before giving me the slip in future.
Do you have any suspicions as to who they might be?
I suspect this may be someone new making themselves known.
Might others within your organisation have some inkling as to their desires?
Get up, we're going shopping.
I understand that you're going to want to bring the cops in on this, but I can't be here when you do.
What's your name, and what were you doing here?
And who hired you for this?
Where did you say this man worked?
And what other associates did he have?
No one picked up, so I went by her place on the way here.
She wasn't home, a neighbour said that he didn't think she came in last night.
You mentioned a reporter earlier?
Do you have any idea how long he's likely to be?
Don't worry, I have a feeling I'll be seeing him pretty soon anyway.
She's low down on our list of concerns at the moment.
I'm not sure it'd be too healthy for you to be around me for a while.
So, where are we headed next?
I don't suppose there's some sort of index to all this?
Put that back exactly where you found it this instant.
A pleasure to meet you.
If possible, we'd like the papers a week before and after each of these dates please.
Best not to get in her way when she's on the hunt.
I've got something!
It would appear your employers aren't the stand up guys you'd taken them for.
Whoever the rightful owner is we've still got a whole host of missing scientists to account for.
I'll do my best not to make a mess on the carpet.
I'm afraid this event is by invitation only, sir.
On this particular occasion, you needn't fear.
How did it come to leave your possession then?
And how do you think I can help lure him out?
You weren't kidding about the bait part.
Let me worry about that.
Seems you're hot on the trail now.
Couldn't this have waited until morning?
He was something of a sickly child by all accounts, never made it past his fourth birthday.
That's all you woke me up for, ancient history?
Sorry, I'll explain more when I actually understand what's going on.
It would appear I have an appointment with a ghost.
And which family would that be?
What is it that you want?
What makes you think I'd answer you?
Fine, what makes you think I'd answer you truthfully?
The lies people tell can also be revealing.
Money isn't of interest to me, power is.
Aren't the two rather intertwined?
Not when someone else holds the purse strings.
That was someone else's handy work.
You can go, but remember our deal.
Come after me or one of mine, and that photograph will be everywhere by morning. 
I'm a reporter not a photographer.
Back to our original plan, I think.
It had crossed my mind.
I'll be lucky if she even talks to me again.
Surely when you explain the circumstances of our untimely call she'll understand.
And now she's afraid we've got her all mixed up in mob business.
Well, I have one last play left to try, and this one's a classic.
This was your plan?
It's a move I learnt from you.
Sorry, we didn't even know you were here.
It feels like forever, it's always dark in here.
They don't even bother to ask me questions any more.
Every now and then they remember to give me some food.
I guess I'll have to share my food with you now.
They were waiting for me at home.
You are going to escape.
It was on my to-do list.
Yeah, don't worry we'll find him.
This isn't a doss house.
Just look at the mess you've made of my papers.
I thought I'd near enough collapse as we fled.
I'm not sure how much credit I can take for our escape.
I for one have no doubt that it was your quick wits that saw us delivered from that hellish place.
Either way, I think we should be extremely cautious.
Why are we here?
So, where's the necklace?
I thought I was being clever.
I see now that it was just some perverse form of egotism.
As hiding places go, it isn't the worst.
But we never even got close to it?
No, that was never his real plan.
That's why you collapsed?
How do we know it's really over?
He could still be listening in.
It would certainly fulfil the requirements of my contract.
And you couldn't release him?
We find ourselves in something of a quandary.
You'll not turn this over to your employers then?
What about from an unsafe distance?
You're in no condition to be exerting yourself like that.
In that case, I guess we'll just have to find a way to draw him out.
It would appear to me that the two ideas aren't mutually exclusive.
Might I use your phone?
By all means, it's just down the hallway.
I thought we'd already agreed that we couldn't risk that information falling into his hands.
We already have a perfectly good plan.
We have two perfectly awful plans, and you know it.
So you want to add a third?
It's got the greatest chance of success.
It's also got the greatest chance of you getting locked in a cellar again.
You said it yourself, he doesn't trust easily.
What have I missed?
Trust me, being alone with my thoughts was far more disturbing.
Some company is very welcome right now.
That's what I came to talk to you about.
They both stormed out, neither thinking to fill me in on where they were going.
I'd hoped they'd be back soon, but now I'm really starting to worry.
Do you know what they're up to?
Without knowing where they went, there's not much we can do but wait.
The meeting's set for tomorrow afternoon.
I thought we'd agreed that you wouldn't actually be meeting him?
Negotiations had to be flexible.
And just how do you think we're going to manage that?
It's good to see you up and about.
I'm not sure those were my exact words.
We didn't get the necklace.
If he had it on him then they'll have that, too.
The question of ownership would seem to be a more complicated one.
Might I enquire as to whom I'm addressing?
I assure you, none has a better claim upon that device than myself.
For a start, we both know that I have it.
Would you quit it with that racket!
I'm as much a prisoner as you.
And yet you enjoy a full range of motion.
I hope to finish a month or two before the term starts and travel around Europe a bit.
It takes me about 50 minutes to walk to work.
It's a nice walk though, with trees and a river and stuff.
I've been here over a month.
I don't drink so I wouldn't know.
A guy who'd been living here 3 years was just moving out.
There was a hunger strike going on outside when I was there.
Wasn't there a command line client for ordering pizza somewhere?
We should all go back to living in the trees, much simpler.
No one near the remote machine you could ring?
I get the feeling that's what I probably sound like to Germans.
I'll stick to bad puns in the future, I think.
But I don't think they enforced it much.
I think it takes a while to become active.
I always use dancing hamsters to help me visualise data.
Still not sure why you'd want to do it though.
Okay, there is not a lot to do at the moment.
I tend to avoid speaking to customers much, mostly because of my limited German. 
It's just a quick train ride away.
We're also being given a half day on Monday to go and enjoy it.
I might actually be driving with some coworkers.
I don't think it's as uncommon as you think.
I could be wrong, but it's somewhere in that region.
I doubt they're upgrading without informing people first.
It's a bit of a pain to get everything set up the first time.
I'm not sure what situations they'd be useful for.
I got two nice guitars from there.
Didn't they have any guitars you liked?
When I'm buying a guitar I tend to just fiddle with lots until I find one I really like.
They can give you an idea of how the different guitars compare and what they'll sound like when played properly.
Well, there's a big difference in sound.
Steel can be pretty rough on your fingers when you're just getting to grips with it.
It gives a very nice, deep sound.
They might offer it to you a bit cheaper.
I just worked the tills for a couple of months then got too bored and left.
I feel I should at least get some use out of it.
They sit on lots of patents for stuff.
It's a pretty specialized position.
I like the light tent pictures, too.
I could easily be wrong, so that's just a guess.
We now have about 40 staff members in the main German office.
I think you might quite like to see them.
Beds, beaches, and lawns are good for reading.
He'll appreciate your honesty.
Well, you shouldn't have any trouble then.
I'm no good at keeping an early rising routine.
It's a very good thing to learn about.
I now have a tan that ends abruptly at my knuckles where they were curled over my handlebars.
I sat in on part of a law lecture once.
I'll take a glance if you like.
No idea how it compares in terms of speed.
Doesn't look like that package is still around somewhere.
I'm just writing code to simulate an omnidirectional camera at the moment.
I get to test stuff in the robotics lab.
You can get reasonable at the basics in a few hours.
Making a robot out of ice cream seems very impractical.
The bit between the two car parks?
It's not something I've ever done.
Can't remember where he appears now.
You're not psychotic, you just wish you were?
I tend to just daydream when I'm not doing anything much.
I'll see about doing that tonight then since I've managed to get all my work commitments out of the way.
The robotics group was talking about trying to snag some geography types to do some sort of collaboration.
They're trying to get people with vague ideas for projects to come together.
Okay, that seems fair.
My eyes glaze over just looking at it.
Every time I read through it, I seem to end up rephrasing things and making them shorter.
Right, it shouldn't be too difficult to rework then.
That research group page looked good, by the way.
It's pretty good for single word commands and such though.
It's a nice region.
Not much snow when I was there.
They're not terribly picky.
That's not exactly a widely used piece of software.
I'll be travelling home on Saturday, so probably I won't get anything done then.
It shouldn't be displayed on any book pages, or should it?
Have you tested that and found it not to work?
Perhaps,  you should just grow sea monkeys.
I'm making a robotic guide dog for my dissertation.
I'll forward you the latest email.
Quietness is my normal mode when confronted with lots of random new people.
Actually, quietness is my normal mode in most situations.
Yeah, I had a bit of a poke at that and failed to work out what was wrong.
That's the only chess game I ever played.
I sucked at it, but it was much more fun than most normal chess games.
I did a presentation on silicon chip production and built a proximity sensor for activating garage lights when a car entered.
The library have the unabridged edition, or at least they did a couple of years ago.
I'm definitely out of practice actually writing stuff, too.
I'm liking the sound of this ostrich egg based economy.
I tried so hard to keep myself aloof from your antics.
Shall I meet you in the concourse then?
What time will you be heading across?
I feel like a charlatan using that lift though.
I'd rather just wait a few extra weeks than spend 40 quid.
Take moody black and white photos of people moping in the dark.
We used to just dismantle and hide our sofa in someone's boot.
I found one other vegetarian while I was there.
I'm free pretty much all afternoon.
I'll meet you in the reception area.
Yeah, at least that's the last I heard.
I'm not sure I'd notice the difference.
You could go for a brisk walk up Constitution Hill or something.
Quite a nice view of the town from up there, and it's easy to find.
It's fairly small as hills around here go.
Otherwise you could hide yourself away in some coffee shop or other for a bit.
I want to do more neat robot vision stuff.
Even my research proposal cites about 5 of his papers.
There seems to be some leniency in when the final submission is needed by.
I'm not really sure what's involved in that.
I'm actually planning to try and build a robotics platform around one of those phones.
Do you want to eat first?
Shall I head up now then?
You actually have to do proper work.
What is it you want to research?
I think most people tend to dress pretty casually.
I seem to remember just wearing a t-shirt and jeans.
I go with a random approach to word order in German.
They never did that when I visited.
When I visited everyone had individual interviews.
I think it was pretty soon after getting back from Belgium.
I think I might have gotten a bit bored on that project.
I don't mind having a stab at it this evening if you remind me.
Where can I apply for the job of a millionaire?
Everyone else is smarter than me, and there's only 12 positions across the whole uni.
Well, this is a pretty long shot, but why the heck not? 
Yeah, I'll look in to it.
I thought they navigated based on pheromone trails or something, but apparently not.
I want something that magically transcribes music.
I have no idea what complexity science is.
There's a bunch of school kids in there now.
Do you want to pack before we go out?
I'll meet you in your office then.
I think they're both looking for some sort of new work.
Ready for me to head over?
Just tell me when you're ready.
Complicated is almost always bad.
We can build an army of killer robots.
I hear they do that sort of thing a lot.
It's a nice place to walk around if you decide to go over there. 
Everything authenticates with the main password now.
You guys should try starting small.
I won't be back until next Sunday.
Perhaps, I didn't fill in the right paperwork.
Couple of small bugs, but it gets from one place to another.
There's just one last bug I'd like to fix before I head home.
I was wondering about making an out-takes reel or something.
I haven't had time to get down to the lab and try it since I got it working.
I'm just sitting around watching a video at the moment.
We have an excess of squirrels.
They break in and steal food from the kitchen.
Sheep farming is a competitive world these days.
But do you have a lab full of robots?
I wasn't certain it'd work at all yesterday.
I think you might have mentioned it.
I'm sure they'll be happy to help.
I'm just using the standard report style.
You could type it up manually.
Cowboys used to train badgers to help them herd cattle.
I don't even bother trying to get spiders out of my boat anymore, they're just maintenance-free pets.
Swans try and eat my home sometimes.
