My dog barks when strangers arrive.
Every evening, the dogs in our neighbourhood are howling.
Since I've gotten a dog, the regular visits of the fox have stopped.
Our bitch had puppies, do you want one?
Our earth is geologically active, while other planets in the solar system are not.
The funny thing about the horizon is that you can't reach it.
Raleigh scattering is perceived by humans as very beautiful.
Fortunately for us, our sun will continue to be around for a few billion years.
The sun is friendly right now, but it will turn on us and consume this planet.
There are countless possibilities of arranging pieces on a board of chess.
The failed acquisition has sparkled doubts on whether the company's leadership is competent.
For the third quarter in succession, the company didn't manage to leave red numbers.
This company has turned out to be a great success, despite doubts in earlier years.
Sometimes it's smarter to wait, while sometimes you should act.
Last week our fridge broke which forced us to eat lots of ice cream.
This artful creation is more than just a picture, it's a statement by the artist.
The underwater cave is hard to access.
This invention might mean the end of all illness.
On the brink of the fourteenth century, nobody had mobile phones.
The rule is to not let any foreigners in.
The locals had the advantage of knowing the secure path through the marsh.
The future has never been so bright than today.
What have you caused all of this trouble for?
If you dig this tunnel below the building it will collapse, so I urge you to not do it.
It's impolite to ask a tree for its story unless you are ready to hear it in full length.
Eighteen months after the animal has been reported missing it was finally in its owner's arms again.
Many scientists work their entire careers on this, and you say you have solved this in a single afternoon?
Could you give me a piece of bread please?
This is the only building that was left unaffected by fire.
It's a miracle that nobody has found out about this yet.
Why haven't you been to my funeral?
Entering this area is forbidden without stroking the owner's cat first.
The building site was vacated.
The rule has been long and prosperous.
For this entire evening, you have been staring at that waitress!
I have never seen this approach to this issue, but it might work.
This specific approach won't bear any fruit.
The noise came from the basement.
The planet's core is made of solid gold, but every traveller attempting to recover some didn't return.
What did your books tell you about this epoch of the city?
Science has been arguing about the zoological classification of the species for decades.
Our best bet is that this animal is only active at night.
The train is probably the best way to get there.
I don't think this theory explains why the particles attract each other this strongly.
The wine collection is tremendous.
For the best part of its life, the table has been standing in the basement.
I haven't been to this airport in years.
The twenty million dollar project is projected to be finished in eight weeks.
Maybe this is something of great importance.
I'm not familiar with the books this author wrote.
About one in twenty.
I've been very busy the last few weeks.
You can't see the planet with the naked eye.
We have recovered most of the deleted files, but some are still being processed.
The worst outcome is that the company refuses the offer.
In the short term future, prices will triple.
This isn't knitting, its weaving.
The cobalt mine has been abandoned decades ago.
In my wildest dream I hadn't thought that this would happen.
The egg's shell is hard and brittle, while the interior is sticky on the fingers.
Opposite to the main building, you can see the guest house.
Don't believe the lies they are telling you, invent your own instead.
This investment won't pay off.
The boss level is easy.
If a pen has no ink, it's broken.
Moreover, I won't be needed for the next two days.
The damage to the cloth has been repaired quickly.
Immediately after the robbers left the bank, the police were informed.
The first concern is to patch the holes in the ship, then we can pump out the water.
Its easier to endure the cold if you have a warm drink in the belly.
Since it's been repaired, the car hasn't shown the issue any more.
I don't think this wall should be painted the way you suggested.
This carpet is full of lice.
Are you on the guest list?
I welcome you to my humble dwellings.
The garden is older than the house in fact.
Hopefully this will actually be a lasting fix to the issue, and not just a short term fix.
The irregular pattern comes from the pseudorandomness of the function.
The cable doesn't end in the wall plug, but it goes all the way to the power plant.
After the dictator's rule of forty three years was over, the country was devastated.
I have pondered about the issue a bit and arrived at the conclusion that it is non-trivial.
The irrigation system will be fixed within a week.
I'll start my first peach harvest later this year.
I've brought you some cheese, because I know you love cheese.
Thousands of years ago, this town was the center of an ancient civilisation.
Some scientists believe the origin of this oscillating signal to be a neutron star.
The list of shortcomings grows longer and longer.
Amazingly, the wall made of iron didn't feel cold.
The building has been the home base of the illegal enterprise for decades.
The deciding battle of the war has been fought in this valley.
If you add another two storeys, you'll need more support pillars.
For most owners of the car model, the issue isn't noticeable.
The second product of the company turned out to be a great success.
The train came thirteen minutes late.
The issue can be avoided entirely.
This no good alternative.
The shop is open from 8am to 8pm.
The shop is closed on Mondays.
If you tell me why you came here, I'll show you the project I've been working on.
It's too early to tell whether the strategy will pay off.
The story of the city starts a few thousand years ago.
The command was given to erect an outpost to defend strikes from the east.
The little town quickly evolved into a trade center between east and west.
It was located on a shallow river crossing.
The river marked a natural border.
At most places, the river was too deep to cross.
Also, at many places it was hard to leave the water.
Later, a bridge was built.
Anyone passing the bridge had to pay.
In the first few centuries of the town's existence, it was a wooden bridge.
Two hundred years after founding, the town got the right to mint its own coin.
This was thanks to gold being discovered and the building of gold mines.
The city had once been famous for its yearly celebrations.
The celebrations would last a month and include free games and free food.
They were financed through a special celebration tax.
It was raised from everyone who entered the city during the celebration period.
Back in those days, it went really well for the city.
The huge city walls gave the wall epoch its name.
The epoch lasted two hundred years.
The period was enabled by novel stone working techniques.
During the epoch, a majority of the city's buildings were erected.
For example, two of the five bridges in the city today were built back then.
One bridge was only to be used by citizens.
Passing the bridge was free.
The other bridge was for everyone else.
For passing the general bridge, you had to pay.
The first bridge had been funded by rich citizens.
This wasn't just a selfless act, they wanted to become elected.
And they actually were elected into the city council.
This made them even richer.
The second bridge had been funded by public resources to raise taxes.
Today, anyone can pass both bridges for free, but one is closed to cars.
Six hundred years after its founding, the city was at the peak of its building activity.
The city leaders recognized a military threat from the east.
They chose to build strong stone walls around the city.
At the time of their building, the walls were thought to be impenetrable.
Later on, it turned out that the walls were not impenetrable.
For a long time, the city's downfall was attributed to its second sacking.
In fact, this view is still present in many outdated teaching materials.
But recently, the view has been replaced by a more nuanced explanation.
First, the land based trade route between east and west lost relevance.
The north passage became ice-free.
It provided an alternative and cheaper route.
Ship technology has improved.
It was possible to sail the entire route in one go.
Also there was a decrease in trade interest between east and west.
Second, the mines around the city got depleted.
The mines had to be abandoned.
This obviously hurt the economy, as well as city income.
The mines had been ran by the city council.
The two events, less trade and no more gold mines, forced the mint to close.
Third, the empire had shifted its military focus to the west.
Due to this, the city lost a majority of its stationed soldiers.
The city guard had to be reduced as well due to finance shortages.
The loss exposed the city to foreign attackers.
In the end this led to the second sacking of the city.
There was no replacement for armed forces lost in the fight.
There was not enough economic power left to rebuild the city guards.
It didn't help that back then the empire was in the midst of a succession conflict.
So the city was left defenseless for a period of 20 years.
It led to a large exodus of the city, with a majority of the population leaving.
After the empire got a stable government again, the city was reclaimed.
But it was only an image of its former self.
After its demise, the city would never attain its old glory again.
Many of the old buildings still exist today.
Today, people in the city are very thankful for this fact.
Unlike in other cities, most of the buildings weren't destroyed in later times.
This is probably because the buildings were made out of stone.
Stone buildings don't burn.
Another reason is that the city missed out on later economic developments.
So there was no pressure to demolish old buildings to put new ones at their place.
Those buildings and the history around them attract thousands of tourists.
Today, tourism is one of the major economic factors inside the city.
Fortunately its not the sole driving factor of the local economy.
In recent years, the city gained international attention.
The local internet economy is very strong.
It's still young, but who knows where it will lead us.
The final chapter in the city's history has not been opened yet.
The attraction between moon and earth goes both ways, which causes tides.
Marine life has adapted to tides.
Different species have different ways of dealing with tides.
At the start of the 21st century, we are searching for alternative energy sources.
Oil doesn't make it anymore, it harms the climate.
Same for coal.
I wonder whether we will be able to harvest energy from fusion reactors.
Solar seems like a good replacement.
The solar industry has been on the rise recently.
Prices for solar panels have dropped in past years.
In many areas, there is enough sun so that solar is cheaper than anything else.
Critics say that this is only possible through subsidies.
This view is wrong though.
Other energy sources receive subsidies as well, often much higher.
Also, oil and coal have hidden costs that others have to pay.
That's often due to their nature.
The term for these hidden costs is "Externalities".
One economic mechanism of exposing these costs is internalizing them.
So basically establishing a system where the externalities are added to the price.
This can be done by a tax on oil.
Alternatively, by making oil companies pay for externalities.
Both of these will lead to higher oil prices and make renewables more attractive.
We will tackle this issue, I hope.
In the end it boils down to how much we want it to be solved.
If we actually do want it solved, it will be.
