In this case, another block is added to the message.
This is required in order for the security proof to work.
Different hash variants exist.
Permute the words in a fixed pattern.
Index arithmetic is performed to create this.
The appended postfixes are written as bit strings.
There was also some confusion that internal changes were made.
In response to the controversy, they published an article.
The reduced capacity forms were published by the individuals.
I can help protect you. 
Shutting all systems down for the evening.
Although the reduced capacity was justifiable in their opinion, they stayed the course.
I'm literally a flying pony.
Did you check your laser?
A maser is a microwave amplification by stimulated emission of radiation.
Two-wave sources are perfectly coherent if they have a constant phase difference and the same frequency.
When interfering, two waves can be added together to create a wave of greater amplitude than either one.
I'm letting her out of the house.
He had to take him prisoner.
I have the key on myself.
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly.
Do the roses compete in athletic events?
The coherence of two waves expresses how well correlated the waves are as quantified by the cross-correlation function.
Conversely, a wave whose phase drifts quickly will have a short coherence time.
Consider a tungsten light-bulb filament.
For polarized light, the end of the vector lies on the surface of the sphere.
Constructing a cipher or hash to exhibit a substantial avalanche effect is one of its primary design objectives.
The deadly monster kid made the news again.
The existence of such one-way functions is still an open conjecture.
A backdoor is a deliberate mechanism that is added to a cryptographic algorithm.
Many different classes of statistical tests have been considered in the literature.
A main application of pseudorandom generators lies in the de-randomization of computation that relies on randomness.
How does slow cooling of the hot gaseous state result in pure crystals?
Treat the problem with rigorous mathematical analysis.
There are numerous advantages of using optical devices for computing.
Fractals have found applications in image processing.
The population size depends on the nature of the problem.
It is hard or even impossible to define the fitness expression.
Opinion is divided over the importance of crossover versus mutation.
Algorithms are simple to implement.
Operating on dynamic data sets is difficult.
This particular form of encoding requires a specialized crossover mechanism.
Observe that commonly used crossover operators cannot change any uniform population.
Such an oscillating dipole moment can exchange energy with an electromagnetic wave of same frequency.
This frequency must appear in the absorption and emission spectrum of ionized hydrogen molecule.
Smaller ellipses create fewer reflections.
These losses can be minimized by using a close-coupled cavity.
The exact shape of the cavity is often dependent on how many lamps are used.
The output is highest in the near infrared.
The hot gas has many molecules in the upper excited states.
The results of the test were inconclusive, and it has not been repeated.
This would expose photographic plates and cause fluorescence.
He postulated a dispersion theory before his coworker made his discovery and announcement.
In addition, the feature axis is configurable.
The computational complexities of these methods are only proportional to the number of non-zero blocks.
The two operations have an identical performance.
The kernels in principle allow for much more exotic methods.
Sparse connectivity allows us to widen the network without increasing the number of parameters.
I did this to prevent cycling and encourage greater movement through the solution space.
Verify if the configuration file is valid.
Use this internally to implement a service.
List all the valid options that are scheduled to become obsolete in a future version.
This allows remote hosts to connect to local forwarded ports.
Specify the user to log in as on the remote machine.
Do not execute a remote command.
Control an active connection multiplexing master process.
Use this port to connect to on the remote host.
It causes most warning and diagnostic messages to be suppressed.
Can I be used to request invocation of a subsystem on the remote system?
Please send log information using the standard system module.
When the user's identity has been accepted by the server, you will be notified. 
Display a list of escape characters.
Client access may be more finely tuned via the configuration file.
This variable is set to indicate the present time.
Set the name of the user logging in.
This is used for host-based authentication.
Connect to the specified prompt server.
Detach the hydrogen atom from the cyanide molecule.
