He wants me to write down only things that I think about, but not things I plan to do.
I was wondering if you would work on this project with me because I can’t find anyone else.
Drawing from my own experience as a learner of English and German, I value engaging activities that involve everyday conversation.
But it is not a class that was requested by our alumni or prospective students.
This will help you effectively collaborate with developers and coordinate cross-team projects throughout your career.
After all, who doesn’t want to overcome new challenges and achieve great heights?
Maybe he should not call people names that they don't want to be called.
I told him we could teach her to ignore people who waste her time.
I am definitely open to the idea because I’ve always wanted to work as a small business owner.
I don’t mind working from home most of the time, but I do miss having coworkers.
Mary told me that she got to meet up with you while she was back in San Francisco.
We miss you and miss having a friend like you, and I am so happy that you two got to catch up.
We have also started contemplating the possibility of moving back to Colorado.
I was wondering if you could tell me a bit more about what it's like to live and work there.
A part of me is also trying to come to terms with the fact that I won't be able to travel as much anymore.
I was just in town earlier this year, so it is kind of crazy to think about what took place right after.
You can get around very easily by train — which is a very relaxing and affordable way to travel.
Suddenly, there is so much more time in a day because she no longer has to spend hours commuting.
She keeps saying that she has no regrets about moving back home, but I’m not sure if it’s entirely true.
I think it's about bird hunting, but now I can see how that might be misinterpreted.
He has done so much ghostwriting that he starts to feel like a ghost, too.
Yeah, it’s definitely worth checking out, especially if the pay is reasonable and the work is good for your career.  There was absolutely no reason for her to announce it to the entire company.
He made us stand and watch him paint for like an hour.
And then he would ask us to go back to our easels and replicate all the techniques in one go.
It was impossible to remember all the details that he covered in an hour.
Earlier this year, we found a really nice place near my office, and we moved in together.
I have been wanting to go and waiting for him to go with me. 
I finally went by myself and came back this morning feeling happy and refreshed. 
They can be a museum, a nearby town, a park, or any place that I have never been before. 
He dabbled in painting, drawing, and photography before finding his true passion. 
She got a drawing pad and began dedicating a few days a week to sketching her surroundings. 
She loves to read, but is unsure how reading is helping her become more creative. 
I hate to think that I will have to leave, but I guess that’s not really up to me. 
Not that I was listening, but I noticed that you sounded really stressed when you were explaining the situation to him. 
I'm looking forward to having more stability in my position and being done with the whole process. 
Maybe we can wait a little bit before changing the titles and the text everywhere else?
I know this might sound really bad, but listening to this music just makes me want to go hide in the mountains. 
I am already imagining myself at a cafe somewhere far away, scribbling away and daydreaming about the past. 
I am upset that they get to have all the time in the world while acting like they earned it. 
Work has been rough in the last few months because of a major project launch. 
She said she was so exhausted and unhappy that she thought of leaving, and she did. 
He thought it was normal to panic and to feel as though he really didn’t deserve anything good or great. 
I would like to take a nice long break with no financial repercussions, but we all know that’s not going to happen. 
I have to admit that my horizon has expanded exponentially. 
I feel grateful for the time that we have spend together. 
Yeah, better if people are already familiar with one and are thinking of switching to the other. 
I think it’s too overwhelming to introduce two complex tools that basically do the same things. 
I haven’t seen her in ages, and I hope she remembers me still!
Some people prefer not to quantify their feelings that way. 
It is rare that I get to sit down and write during the day. 
It’s important to keep an open mind, and she has urged me to do the same. 
It always helps to be learning something new and exciting. 
The fire alarm went off again, but when I looked outside, there was no one there. 
Everyone is just standing by the building, waiting to get in. 
I wonder how many times a year this happens. 
She seems very indifferent, almost apathetic. 
She told me she feels hopeful and optimistic. 
They are not really friends, they just work together and talk from time to time. 
Traveling alone is good for meeting new people. 
When talking to someone who has just started to learn the language, it’s good to speak slowly and clearly. 
She has always been very kind and friendly to everyone, even strangers. 
Is it possible to take longer break from studying theoretical physics? 
My work schedule has changed drastically in the last two weeks. 
The pause option doesn't appear to be available to me anymore.
Thank you, you've been very generous and kind!
The video conferencing tool had been too unreliable for high-stakes meetings.
I am not keen on meeting with that group of people again. 
She feels really under the weather at the moment and wants to call in sick. 
So I thought I would use this time to give you a call. 
We had a relatively rainy and chilly summer here in Berlin. 
It was a bit disappointing, but I am no stranger to rainy or foggy summers.
Do you miss the summers in San Francisco?
Aside from that, this summer actually felt like a whirlwind.
They flew to Berlin and stayed with us for a couple of days. 
We took the train north to a harbor town to board the ship. 
Although it is not really my favorite mode of traveling, it's convenient for sure. 
When you are traveling with a big group, you need to have pretty much everything prearranged. 
We had two adjacent rooms, and each came with a balcony looking out to the sea. 
He loves reading magazines and fan letters on the balcony. 
Well, I am pretty happy with the experience, but I do wish we had more time. 
The whole thing felt really rushed, especially when we were in big cities. 
We slept in the same room every night and woke up in a new city every morning. 
So that part was lovely and worked well for my parents. 
It was also a nice way to check out which country you really want to visit. 
Then, you can make a definite plan to return in the future. 
I knew it was in the works, but had no idea that it was going to happen so fast. 
He thought it was best to first ask for permission. 
I mean, it is always good to ask when you are unsure, you know?
It was pretty hilarious because you would think that she would be much more into it. 
But in reality, it was totally the other way around. 
She really thinks we should prioritize our health and safety before worrying the finances. 
They spent two more days in Berlin before heading to Prague for a conference.
He unfortunately got pick-pocketed and lost his wallet and passport. 
He woke up crying because he felt very dejected. 
While they were here, I cooked for them everyday. 
It is fun to try new recipes and cook with new ingredients.
It makes cooking for others much more interesting. 
I enjoyed it a lot because they are both lovely people.
It also made me a bit sad to realize how time-bound we are as human beings. 
We are all getting older, and nothing is forever.
Autumn is here now, and we are seeing some nice blue skies in the morning.
And the cold, dry air is very refreshing. 
It's a great movie, but I wouldn't recommend watching it at night. 
We decided that it is a better idea to watch horror films in a movie theater.
Our favorite thing to do was to watch the same slasher movie every Friday after band practice. 
In June, there was another found of layoffs which led to some restructuring. 
I am really convinced that he has an idea but won't share it. 
So far, most teams have had a fairly high turnover rate, but that's not surprising. 
I want my children to spend as much time with their grandparents as possible. 
From time to time, we also have fun outings that generally do not involve drinking. 
I find her approach kind of questionable. 
Did I tell you my best friend is coming to visit me soon?
I honestly can't remember the last time I got a personal email. 
Hey, I am not sure if I want to do this. 
You have not initiated any conversation at all this month. 
Can someone please tell me what's going on?
I didn't want to tell him, but I think the message was loud and clear. 
She is glad that she didn't fire back right away. 
Everyone needs time to think through responses to difficult conversations. 
I am getting worried, and you need to address this because it affects us both. 
Like the other reviews have mentioned, it was pure chaos. 
They were constantly changing the company's direction, and it became too draining for some people. 
I hope you've finally learned a thing or two from the most recent layoff.
They talk about learning from one's mistakes, but they won't admit to their own mistakes. 
Treat them well because they are good and kind people.
After four years of exploring San Francisco, the time feels right for me to further my education.
This is taking a toll on my well-being both professionally and emotionally.
I have tried to read that book several times, but I just can't get into it. 
I can hardly stand the things I wrote ten years ago. 
So sorry to bother you on the weekend, but I took the wrong key and locked myself out.
I can't get back in, and it's starting to snow. 
I am having a hard time sleeping so I thought I would start planning our trip. 
We ran into a few issues earlier this year, but he's been very patient and understanding. 
They have to answer thousands of emails a day without using a template. 
I kept thinking that I should be upset, but the truth is I really just couldn't care less. 
He really wants us to be friends, but we hardly have anything in common!
Would you become roommates wit your best friend or best friends with your roommate? 
She is really talented at sketching and has a distinct style. 
It's a course meant for curators and curatorial assistants, so naturally I feel a bit out of place. 
Our art teacher made us stand around him and watch him paint for like an hour.
Then, he asked us to go back to our easels and replicate all the techniques in one go. 
It was impossible to remember all that details he covered. 
So I started making stuff up just by combining the things that I saw around me. 
I think she survived her first winter her, but the separation has been rough. 
I have gotten around to traveling by train which is truly my favorite mode of transportation.
He can be a bit messy and forgetful, but is very thoughtful and kind.
While I am not worried about job security, having fewer people means a heavier workload.
The good news is we found a lovely place with a huge south-facing balcony.
Now I just need to go pick up a lamp and a stool, and I will be totally done! 
I am excited to put it back up again once things are more settled in. 
It brightens up my day every time I look at it.
They have plans to come to Europe again later this year, and we will probably go to Russia together.
I just couldn't get organized quickly enough, and they need to do the same as well. 
The incident is very far from where I work and live, but I appreciate your concern. 
I am totally cool with you two having a boys' night because I really need to finish my book. 
I want to make sure you and I have some overlap between your upcoming trips. 
It was the first time in 19 years that we got to celebrate my birthday together.
I'm going canoeing with a couple of German friends in a town that makes pickles. 
I won't be able to meet you for lunch today, sorry!
Yeah, that should require relatively little effort. 
Sometimes I feel like he doesn’t know what he wants until long after the fact. 
