Doing a handstand needs a lot of practice to learn.
Astronomy might be complicated, but it's not rocket science.
Potatoes are less space-saving, durable and cheap than pasta.
Eggs, milk and flour are the main ingredients of pancakes.
Chickens lay so many eggs a week, it wouldn't be possible to breed them all.
Cheese is made from milk, as well as many other dairy products.
Agriculture was a very important achievement in human history.
It required people to settle down.
As long as there is water in a cooking pot, the temperature cannot rise above a hundred degrees Celsius.
Proteins have many functions in the human body.
The same is true for animals.
Charles Darwin became famous for his evolutionary theory.
He voyaged on a ship called Beagle.
Java is not only an island, but also a popular programming language.
Many programming languages are named after real people.
Java is not the same as JavaScript.
Embedded scripts from external sources can harm the users privacy.
Advertisements are rarely hosted by the same web server as the actual content.
Using script blockers is generally a good idea, but it requires the user to learn a bit.
Nobody is born as a hero but everyone can become a hero.
When you find a bug in software, please report it.
Before creating a new topic, please use the search function to find similar threads.
Always be constructive when you criticize others.
After writing a bug report, one should regularly check if someone responded.
Important information might be missing.
People should spend time on improving open-source projects instead of helping market dominating companies.
For example, instead of editing Google Maps, consider contributing to OpenStreetMap.
For users it is important that they can trust their operating system.
Opening the source code can be a measure to create trust in software.
Not everyone is able to read source code.
Even if you're an expert, reading all of it is often not feasible due to lack of time.
The package has been flagged as outdated.
In general, people have difficulties estimating risks correctly.
In Europe many people are afraid of terrorism although getting killed in a car accident is much more likely.
Thousands of people die every year as a consequence of air pollution.
It's always nice if you can learn something new, isn't it?
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Bravery is the ability to overcome fear.
Fear is often the cause of violence.
Communism is the opposite of capitalism.
Sometimes it's not the right thing to do the right thing.
Life is complicated.
Nobody said it would be easy.
Every purchase is a vote.
Think about that.
Thank you for reading this out loud.
You're doing a great job so far.
Yeah, I'm talking to you.
The servers of the common voice project couldn't handle the heavy load.
Mind the gap.
Don't trust the smiling penguin.
Tux is not smiling, he just looks nice all the time.
Lemon trees are not yellow, it's just the fruit.
Who would have thought that?
Do male kangaroos have a pouch?
Plastic bags turned out to be a problem for the environment.
Separation of garbage makes recycling possible.
Please don't be lazy.
Some people like sea gulls, others don't.
Television can make you dumb, but it can also be good education.
Drinking too much water in a short period of time can be lethal.
It is recommended to drink at least two liters of water a day.
On warm days and when doing sports you should drink more.
In Saudi Arabia water is more expensive than oil.
Most cars have air conditioning these days.
Turning the air conditioning on leads to an increased fuel consumption.
Turning off gadgets that are not in use can save a lot of energy.
One of the world's biggest problems is the growth of human population.
Education is very important.
Everyone should have the right of education.
Many people are not able to use their first language correctly.
Parents should look out for correct grammar and pronunciation when speaking to their children.
Reading is not the same as understanding.
Reading between the lines requires understanding.
Many people think computers will never have feelings.
At the same time, they cannot find an exact definition of what a feeling is.
Creativity is not something exclusive to humans.
Are children more creative than adults?
When playing, children often just reenact what they experienced before.
Artificial neural networks can do something very similar.
An important difference is the amount of experiences, that is to say inputs.
This behavior of neural networks is sometimes called dreaming.
The human brain is still not fully understood.
Voyager One has left our solar system.
Some people make the same mistakes over and over again.
There is no universal definition of intelligence, but everyone agrees that the ability of learning belongs to it.
Scientific work is hard.
The road was so steep that the biker had to shift down a few gears.
It's a pity most people do not know what gearshifts are good for.
Don't forget to brush your teeth in the morning.
The light-year is a unit of distance, not of time.
"This is a common misconception", Sheldon said.
The term "just my two cents" is about opinion, not about money.
Sticks and stones will break my bones but what doesn't kill me makes me strong.
Chess is a simulation of war.
Classification is, among other things, a discipline of machine learning.
Parachuting is dangerous.
There is a counter on the top left of the web page.
The moon is responsible for tides on earth.
The international space station is an awesome project.
The global positioning system works with triangulation.
In nineteen-sixty-nine the first man set his foot onto the moon's surface.
He bought some tinfoil to build a hat.
I have the most beautiful voice you have ever heard.
What he did was definitively illegal.
She was beautiful from behind, but he couldn't see her face yet.
She was accused of making wrong accusations.
"Before you go, I want to hug you", she said.
He could see tears in her eyes.
Watch out, blues ahead!
Diamonds are made under pressure.
Greece is the country where democracy was invented.
Watch your step!
Forget it, there is no such thing.
She apparently didn't listen.
Pencils down, time is over.
The kids loved to listen to his stories.
Aren't we godlike?
This horse has more than one horse power.
Even an ordinary man has more than one horse power, but gets tired quickly.
Being with him alone made her feel uncomfortable.
There is not even the possibility of doing that.
The file had a size of multiple gigabytes.
His Internet connection was too slow.
He got jailed for no reason.
The church is right next to the gas station.
The weather forecast for this week didn't look good at all.
She couldn't decide which dress to wear.
The chair lift took them up the mountain.
To calibrate the motion capturing system, please do a T-pose.
The railway station was locked up by the police.
No-one knows what's behind this gate.
The runway seems way too short for this type of plane.
When she tried to withdraw some money from her bank account, the ATM claimed her card was invalid.
The men at the bar were obviously drunk.
Americans love to have a barbecue.
Fast-food is convenient but often unhealthy.
He offered the kids some ice-cream.
The cake is a lie.
The restaurant was quite expensive.
The library is open to everyone.
He felt unsafe like during his first lesson in driving school.
She learned how to play the piano in a music school.
Visiting a university offers great chances for your career.
James Watt didn't invent the steam engine, but he improved it significantly.
After the accident, his bicycle had to be repaired.
The car however was not damaged.
The emergency team came quickly.
The least you can do is call Nine-One-One.
They rented a boat and went down the river.
When she called her friend for help with her computer, she repeatedly emphasized, that she hadn't done anything.
He nodded and said nothing.
Only a few meters away there is a bus station.
Improving the public transport system would help avoid traffic jams.
Taking the ferry was a wise choice.
There are four different sorts of fuel at this gas station.
Diesel is the cheapest one, because of lower taxes.
His speech ended in standing ovations.
The motorcycle made loud noise.
This parking space is for customers only.
Don't worry, I took a cab to get home safely.
The teller didn't have enough change.
Plastic surgery has become more popular.
There is a dentist and some other doctors inside this clinic.
When he was in hospital, the nurse took an x-ray photograph of his arm.
It was easy to see on the radiogram, that his bones were broken.
She went to the pharmacy to get her pills.
Taking part in road traffic is potentially dangerous after donating blood.
Emoticons are familiar to everyone nowadays.
There is a social facility on the other side of the road.
He lost a lot of money through gambling in the casino.
A new movie is shown the first time in cinema.
This picture is pure art.
A crowd of people stood around the fountain.
When she entered the dance floor, everyone in the nightclub was looking at her.
Wikipedia is a non-profit organization.
The clock of the town center took damage from a lightening strike.
Water boarding is a terrible form of torture.
The lawyer successfully defended his client.
When the judge spoke the death sentence, the defendant showed no emotion.
They were kissing in the backyard.
Two women were still missing when the firefighters arrived.
The agent secretly entered the embassy from the roof.
The ladder of the fire truck was not long enough.
How could this happen?
Linus is known for his clear and explicit language.
Policemen are investigating in this case.
Divers found a dead person in the lake.
To measure the performance accurately we need a benchmark.
Many soldiers of world war two have never been buried on a grave yard.
He went to gym to strengthen his muscles.
Please do not feed the ducks!
I'm not hungry, I'm starving.
Peer-to-peer networks are more robust than client-server architectures.
She bought cucumbers at the marketplace.
The European Union has often been criticized for their regulations.
You will need some rubber boots.
Although everything should be under the state's control, there is a lot of violence in prisons.
Surveillance does not always bring security.
Smoking is prohibited.
The mountain rescue team gave up its work.
She couldn't decide whether to take a shower or to have a bath.
Only one third of the rubbish is being recycled in this country.
Too much food is being wasted.
Firewalls can be used to protect a network against intruders.
There was a round table in the middle of the room.
The telephone didn't work without electricity.
He went to the vending machine and bought a coffee.
She couldn't find a waste basket.
She could not manage to climb over the fence.
One of the town's landmarks is the city-wall.
Even the guard rail couldn't stop the truck from falling off the bridge.
The government decided to focus on border control because of the refugees.
The chain rule is applied twice to this formula.
History teaches us that humans do not learn from history.
This farm had cattle, chicken, sheep and many other animals.
This part of the town was half residential, half industrial.
The determinant is the product of all eigenvectors of a matrix.
Today's world is full of commercials.
The bakery was next to the slaughterhouse.
He learned swimming in school.
This beer has been brewed in Germany, more specifically in Bavaria.
Take that fire extinguisher and put out the fire!
Forty-two is not a random number.
Lifeguards were standing on a tower, staring at the water.
Some of them had binoculars.
Oxygen is important for us, but some bacteria don't need it at all.
The phone call got interrupted due to unknown reasons.
He was not able to find words for his feelings.
The motorway is not the fastest connection between Hamburg and Munich.
Pedestrians were standing on a sidewalk paved with cobblestone.
Everyone has once heard of the chicken-egg-problem.
The frog had no chance to escape.
Three-phase alternating current is an efficient way of transmitting energy.
Bus-only lanes are debated controversially.
This building has an elevator which is necessary for wheelchairs.
The path through the forest was unlit and scary.
It was not clear who had the right of way, since the traffic lights were off.
The Chinese built a monorail train that floats on a magnetic field.
Excuse me, nudism is not allowed at this part of the beach.
Form follows function.
Laser tag is a game quite similar to paintball.
Although searching in binary search trees is efficient, you won't find any fruits in there.
Salmon is one of the most popular fish and very delicious, though usually not sustainable.
A group of people, one of them with a guitar, were sitting by the campfire and singing songs.
Golf stands for the letter G in the NATO phonetic alphabet.
Compiling the Linux kernel can be time consuming.
Good playgrounds have much more to offer than swings and slides.
Sunburns can be avoided by applying sunscreen or by staying in the shadows.
Bitcoin mining can be done with graphic cards or with specialized hardware.
Historic mills were usually powered by water, wind or horse power.
Inverse kinematics are a mathematical challenge for robot engineers.
Nobody knows how much ammunition the military has in its checkpoints.
Salim moved from India to the Netherlands.
Glaciers are melting because of global warming.
The peak of this mountain is over two thousand meters above sea level.
I hope some of the lines make you smile.
The Tropic of Capricorn is on the Southern Hemisphere of the earth.
Everyone should have health insurance.
Debian is an operating system which is free as in freedom.
Football is often confused with soccer.
Accidents in nuclear power plants are potentially catastrophic.
Cables need insulation to prevent short circuits.
Portals are used in many computer games to instantly travel from one place to another.
Burning fridges, televisions and washing machines are not as unusual as one might think.
Inline skates are like ice skates, but with wheels instead of blades.
All beverages in this shop are free of alcohol.
A famous company from Sweden sells furniture in many countries of the world.
When I have read a million of these sentences, I am going to apply as a professional narrator.
Without questioning he said what the screen of his computer dictated to him.
Asymmetric cryptography uses pairs of keys.
They are called private and public key.
One key is for encryption, the other one for decryption.
Given only the public key, it is very hard to compute the private one.
Besides encryption, it can also be used for authentication.
The process of encrypting the hash value of a message is called digital signature.
Hash functions are one-way functions with a number of mathematical requirements.
Strong cryptography can prevent a man in the middle to read a conversation.
The green lock in the address bar of your browser does NOT mean you can trust the site.
The system with certificate authorities has some serious issues.
In symmetric cryptography the same key is used for encryption and decryption.
Symmetric algorithms tend to be faster than asymmetric ones.
Strong passwords don't have to be hard to remember.
The world wide web is not the same as the Internet.
The Google search bar is for searching, not for typing URLs!
If you don't know any alternative search engines, just google them.
You can create bookmarks in you web browser to make browsing more convenient.
Local solutions should be preferred to cloud solutions in many cases.
From a technical point of view, the MP-Three-standard is completely outdated and yet it's still very successful.
His girlfriend always has cold feet in the morning.
Palm oil is cheap, but workers on illegal plantations get exploited and huge areas of jungle get destroyed for its production.
Spending time with each other can be more valuable than any material present.
It would be very useful if my web browser could synchronize all of its preferences, not just some.
I promise, I will be careful!
I have disabled some of the certificate authorities, but they're not grayed out in this list.
Honest Ahmed did not convince the developers.
There might be secret messages in this text.
This text aims to include a diverse set of vocabulary.
Sports, music, cooking and other topics are covered.
She walked across the street wearing stereo headphones and staring at her smartphone.
Luckily there was a zebra crossing.
The high humidity is making me sweat.
Take a sponge, some dish liquid and a towel, then get to work!
The manual seriously warns about putting budgies into the microwave.
What's your status?
Denmark is a pioneer of renewable wind energy.
Considering the growth of human population, insects might be the food of the future.
I didn't find the blow-dryer, so I just used the vacuum-cleaner.
Is that okay?
Dirt and dust everywhere, give me the broom!
After an avalanche buried the skiing resort, it was hard to determine its exact location.
A drilling machine is used to fixate the ice hockey goal.
Both elephants and monkeys have a capable memory.
It was such a thrill, her veins were pumped full of adrenaline.
He decided to boycott games with digital restriction management in the future.
Please never throw salami pizza away.
The movie's epic soundtrack uses classical elements mixed with parts of rock and synthetic bass.
Stay tuned.
Wrestling, boxing and karate are well-known examples for martial arts.
Many teens make videos these days, inspired by their role models.
Sausages, croquettes and broccoli are our meal in the canteen today.
Without understanding the actual physics, some animals exploit total internal reflection for catching fish.
That rap music with its loud electronic beats is called hip-hop.
Many of the reviews in this app-store are faked by bots to manipulate the ranking.
The police insisted on confiscating even the printer for forensic analysis.
The referee decided on a free kick instead of a penalty kick.
After that foul, the whole stadium was yelling angry things.
When the game is still undecided after sixty minutes, overtime begins.
From its unique gesture it was clear, that the rhino was hostile.
When he kissed her cheek, she suddenly blushed, changing her color faster than a chameleon.
To save fuel, the Ariane rocket has been launched not far from the equator.
Birds feed their offspring with spiders, worms, slugs and bugs.
Don't press the red button!
Induction hobs do not work by thermal radiation.
"Jellyfish can cause serious injuries", the physician explained to the patient.
Jeans are the only kind of trousers I have in my wardrobe.
Give me some carrots and other vegetables, I'm going to feed the rabbits.
Clinical studies of the new vaccine are still outstanding.
On our way to San Francisco, we were listening to reggae music and smoking weed.
The combination of trumpets, violins and a drum set is quite unusual.
Lions hunt their prey with sprints, whereas wolves take advantage of their stamina.
"I'm observing passive-aggressive behavior", the psychologist said in a professional tone.
We ate spicy rice with chicken legs and white mushrooms.
Pork cutlet is also very tasty, but our religion does not allow us to eat it.
Pull this lever to activate the piston.
The TNT blows up the granite, forming a tunnel to the coal and iron ore.
I took planks of birch wood and crafted a bookshelf.
The biology students had lots of homework to do until the next lecture.
The ranger took his rifle and went into the forest to shoot the bear.
Kidneys are transplanted often, because every healthy person has two of them.
The waitress was carrying an impressive amount of dinnerware, but then an earthquake occurred and she dropped it all.
Garlic can be used to fight vampires.
Glass eel is on the menu today, but it's too expensive.
The volcano eruption itself was a catastrophe, but the ash is an excellent fertilizer.
Mission accomplished!
Compared to other countries in the world, Japan has a very low birth rate.
Tourists in socks and sandals look hilarious.
Happy hardcore is a fast style of techno music, that was kind of popular in the nineties.
If I had the choice between honey and jam, I would choose the latter.
The plural of mouse is mice.
These scissors can cut metal.
As students, they founded an a capella group and now they're commercially successful.
The ingenious physicist rubbed his nose and scratched his chin.
Mosquitoes are annoying in the summer and can even transmit illnesses.
The company's stock value increased dramatically after they found a new medicine.
The existence of gravitational waves had long been predicted.
After the fuse melted, the room was enlightened only by a candle.
The illumination created a cozy atmosphere.
A flickering shadow was projected onto the walls and the ceiling.
When the carpet and the curtains caught fire, it was getting warm.
The percentage of carbon dioxide in the air reached an extraordinary level.
The guests of the party decided to go on the balcony.
A thunderstorm was raging outside and they all got a cold.
The owner of the dwelling was not amused.
He recorded everything with his camcorder to have a watertight proof.
Footprints of mud and clay were on the floor.
The constitution of his flat was not optimal.
Only a minority of literature is written this way.
Drinking and driving is irresponsible.
Archaeologists recently found the skeleton of a dinosaur in Mexico.
The manufacturer called this helicopter "tiger".
Volleyball is almost equally popular in both genders.
Enemy spotted!
Witnesses report two armed suspects and four hostages.
A predator drone equipped with multiple cruise missiles lifted off.
The implementation is not compliant with the specification.
Affirmative, a breaching charge is available.
My initial assumption about the phase displaced pulse was wrong.
Even with night-vision googles, no target was in sight.
Neither the radar nor the other instruments detected the stealth bomber.
Flash grenades explode with a loud bang and cause disorientation.
Two victims immediately need medical attention.
Roger, the backup team is on the way.
The bootloader shows a dialog prompting to enter the passphrase.
Viral marketing is a buzzword used frequently by economists.
Six thousand people have been infected since the outbreak of the virus.
A content delivery network is necessary.
Survival of the casualties stays our top priority!
Our secondary goal is to reconstruct what happened.
The log file reveals that nobody ever read the end user license agreement during installation.
With his troll post he provoked the hackers to do penetration testing for him.
We went rafting in Switzerland and alpine skiing in Austria this spring.
In a cinematic rope-down maneuver, the special forces overwhelmed the criminals.
The S.W.A.T. entry team used an optical wand to observe the proceedings behind the door.
It made a clicking sound when the officer tightened the handcuffs.
Smoking cigarettes during pregnancy increases the risk of the baby also becoming addicted one day.
He was squatting in a corner doing yoga.
A directed graph consists of nodes and edges.
The seventeen-year-old girl gently pushed his hand away as he touched her belly.
These figures of wax look creepy.
The primary coil has fifty turns.
Do you think your boyfriend is cheating on you?
No, he's loyal.
They found a cactus in a passenger's luggage at the airport's security check.
Tourism is an important economic factor for Italy.
This wedge prevents the trailer from rolling down the slope in case of brake failure.
The package manager cannot resolve circular dependencies.
Most of our imports come from the harbor of Rotterdam.
Use the export command to set environment variables.
Our latest hi-tech submarine is powered by hydrogen.
They climbed a tall crane without securing themselves and filmed it for their YouTube channel.
It was a suicidal stunt.
After a tragic accident with a chainsaw he has become a paraplegic.
Hey, I bought pineapple juice with no sugar added.
In the discotheque, the DJ played progressive house music and trance.
Her mixing console had an old-fashioned but still cool vinyl player.
The wizard knew plenty conjuring tricks and enchanted his audience.
A gorilla had stepped into the trap and was now transported to the zoo.
With bow and arrow the veterinarian shot a needle that deafened the cheetah.
After lurking for a minute, the crocodile quickly sprang toward the young hippopotamus and ate it.
Giraffes are vegetarians.
May I borrow some of your cartoons?
They were playing ping-pong to the rhythm of punk rock.
To forget his fear of flying, he imagined how the stewardess would look like in a bikini.
A hedgehog was collecting brown leaves.
A group of dolphins came and protected us from the sharks.
When you're at a party and somebody says "banana bread", a sniper might be near you.
St. Nicholas brought goodies and tangerines.
According to the calendar it was September.
Remember, remember, the fifth of November!
"I have clearly been discriminated because of my sex", the feminist complained.
She's the best parkour runner I know.
That's comparing apples and oranges.
According to the recipe, we need mild mustard.
Guards are patrolling around the perimeter of the base.
Onion routing is a technique of using cascades of proxies for the purpose of anonymisation.
The Internet of uncontrolled things brought us a distributed denial of service attack once again.
The visual acuity is astonishing.
Your behavior is embarrassing; go learn the art of social intercourse!
An LED was indicating the proximity detector was working properly.
As an approximation, we use a multivariate Gaussian distribution.
Backface culling is a common trick to accelerate Three-D rendering.
Owls are always intellectual in fairy-tales.
The streaming portal uses the MPEG-Four video codec.
Always save your code as plain text.
You chose an incompatible encoding.
After passing her final exam she will have a bachelor of science degree in chemistry.
Spain is producing lots of lettuce, paprika and tomatoes.
The fourth component of homogeneous coordinates is usually set to one.
Hash tables can access their elements in constant time.
Activists claim the pipeline through the Baltic Sea is leaking.
After his massive abuse of alcohol he started therapy.
The experiment turned into a disaster.
The valley was filled with dense fog.
The tram will arrive in five minutes, unless this timetable is wrong.
An unknown perpetrator threatened two men from Syria with a pistol.
"Surrender is not an option", the mercenary asserted.
No mercy for cop killers!
Curly brackets are hard to type.
People living in the so-called bible belt have more conservative opinions than inhabitants of California.
Reindeer and antelopes are missing in your taxonomy of animals.
The director has a crush on the actress, I think.
Using the debugger, he found out that there was a buffer overflow.
Better use heat resistant gloves when you take the bricks out of the furnace.
Bullying is still a problem in our society.
Nonverbal communication is sometimes more meaningful than the spoken words.
The patriotic veteran returned to the United States.
After playing tennis in virtual reality, he felt dizzy.
The Panama Canal connects the Pacific Ocean with the Atlantic Ocean.
We were sitting in the VIP lounge of the theater, when the drama reached its climax.
Flaring torches were filling the dungeon with an ambient noise.
Our galaxy, the Milky Way, apparently contains dark matter.
The trade union was negotiating higher loans with the other stakeholders.
Her blouse consists of ninety-five percent cotton and five percent polyester.
Some tin and a soldering iron are laying on the workbench.
Made in Taiwan.
In Nuremberg the subway trains are driving autonomously.
Motion parallax is a monocular depth cue.
The prolific developer contributed more than a thousand commits until today.
Prefetching is used to avoid cache misses.
The principal recruited various graduates by offering high rewards.
Our generator has been disrupted by ultra high frequency waves.
I told you homeboy, smuggling is being prosecuted.
The boy was cuddling with his fluffy teddy bear.
We can describe the object's movement with a differential equation of second order.
Would you sacrifice the life of a human if this would save many other lives?
This ethical question is referred to as the trolley problem.
Our influence on their monopoly is tiny.
If you want a sandwich, don't hesitate grabbing one.
Work in progress.
To be continued...
His adversary had three respawns remaining.
As he couldn't prove his innocence, he was brought to the detention zone, as if guilty.
This is the power box we always have problems with, if you could take a look.
Yes, but why is there straw anyway?
The allusion is not an illusion.
What's the difference between hibernation and standby mode?
My wheel rims are made of chrome.
There was elation at the headquarters when the boss proclaimed the revenue of a billion euros.
When blending is activated, the alpha channel is used to encode the opacity of a texture.
Moist soil is good for the flora.
To increase his popularity in public-opinion polls, the politician started a campaign.
Thousands of workers commute from the surroundings into the city each day.
The toad spit a caustic slime at the bees.
Let's have a look at the standard deviation.
Millions of years ago, our seven continents were one super-continent called Pangaea.
All new generations of GPUs support tesselation in hardware.
The purple socket is for connecting the antenna to the receiver.
The airdrop of the atomic bomb in Hiroshima had devastating implications.
The spy infiltrated the interior through a vent and sneaked to the retina scanner.
She accused an ex-convict of stalking and sexual assault.
That's an intrinsic error.
Just as a rule of thumb.
You didn't set the indicator before leaving the roundabout.
There has been a robbery at the burger shop in downtown.
Phosphorus is not a semiconductor.
No offense, but your agility leaves a lot to be desired.
Open a terminal and execute a program.
Experts of geology agree: Yesterday's tsunami was just a herald of the imminent apocalypse.
My grippers are made of stainless steel.
All hoses are connected to the defective hub.
I like crepes with nougat.
After the disclosure of the doping scandal the winner was deprived of the gold medal.
This path is designated for agricultural vehicles.
At the research institute they have an electron microscope.
The actor's authentic facial expression was convincing the jury.
Darth Vader could barely breathe under his mask.
We visited a concert in the famous opera house in Sydney.
What do you associate with Iceland?
Oh no, my bunny broke out of its cage!
As independent studies document, the Neanderthals developed simple tools such as spears.
Catalysts make chemical reactions possible at low temperatures.
We must evacuate the courtyard.
It's like a plague.
I retrieved the crop with a pallet jack.
Thanks to our augmented reality glasses, we gain insight to the details.
All of the organs are exposed in our exhibition hall.
Thanks for the clarification!
The paramedics took out the defibrillator to reanimate the motorcyclist.
"That circus acrobat must have a well-trained vestibular system", the spectator thought.
The basketball bounced off his shield of titanium.
Extract the relevant data and see if it matches our statistics.
The heuristic function is just an estimate of the lag.
Strawberry curd, yummy!
The old lady took her napkin to wipe the drool.
I found an online tutorial how to use Vulkan and OpenGL.
Modifying the assets would be a copyright violation.
First she was moaning, then coughing and eventually her ventilation collapsed.
Our guide told us stories of Scandinavian mythology in a Welsh accent.
I always have to sneeze after eating grapes.
His old Ferrari has been compacted to a small cube of metal at the junkyard.
To cut to the chase, the harvest was really bad.
Sorry, the test period expired.
With clenched fist, he hit the table.
Try to fix that fissure with glue.
Let's pretend everything is prepped.
Insert your card to identify yourself.
This wimble is hardened with vanadium.
The discrete cosine transform is applied to blocks of eight by eight pixels.
Many people are traumatized after this sailing accident and need intensive care.
She looked skeptical when leaning against the wall, observing the celebrities.
Nothing is as elastic as the silk of a spider.
Why can't I skip this damn intro?
It's critical to keep traction on the asphalt.
From this perspective you can see the concentric circles.
He's an immigrant from Portugal.
My scholarship got rejected.
If my stepfather sold this old sculpture, he'd probably become a millionaire.
You can go to the dispenser and squirt some lava.
It would be ideal if the WiFi were gratis.
Holy moly, you were fast on the zip line!
Access denied.
In his youth my dad was a hooligan.
As a workaround, we could use application specific profiles.
Pay and spray, stay and pray, play and sway, what did you say?
Don't you dare switch away, I think rhymes are okay, since they never decay, I could do this all day.
Two caribous in a queue, they didn't have a clue, that I was using their flue, to write a poem for you.
We subdivide the domain space using an octree.
We should segregate the participants by age.
Don't be more catholic than the pope.
I generally like jazz, but this record is oversteered – thanks loudness war!
According to the predominant notion in the Vatican, condoms shouldn't be used in spite of HIV.
You will get donuts as a bonus if you take a selfie with me.
Their application for asylum has been accepted, since they're victims of political persecution.
There is convection in the magma chamber.
The rogue is celebrating his triumph.
Rainbows are a phenomenon based on chromatic dispersion.
We can only perceive a part of the broad light spectrum the sun emits.
He was standing on a pickup truck with a megaphone and propagated his opinion.
She's sitting there on a pillow, wearing only pants and bra.
She tried to stop the bleeding of her thighs with a tissue.
Folk is not my favorite music genre.
In this paragraph I want to underline the severity of the refinery event.
The crash of the UFO shows that extraterrestrials are also vulnerable.
The hierarchy is visualized in the appendix.
A semi-transparent overlay promoted the beta version of an Android app.
Our new AI can dynamically adapt the balance of the gameplay.
What's the meaning of an asterisk in a regular expression?
Please use normal slashes, not backslashes.
Modern sewing machines can throttle their speed.
Please forgive me.
The laundry is right next to the thrift shop.
Before we begin with the actual baptism, let's renew our creed.
Grime, rust and residual particles polluted the air.
The USA and many other countries of the world have their independence day in July.
Everyone wants to buy pumpkins for Halloween.
Tortoises are reptiles, not amphibians.
His nutrition consisted almost entirely of cereals.
The girl wore an elegant dress.
The corset constricted her waist.
Does that imply I can no longer play badminton?
I find this ferry boring.
Look how flexible these athletes are!
Scanning a QR code is trivial and requires absolutely no skill.
The liberal politics of our prime minister keep the currency stable.
The sinner had wrinkled hands.
This ballad is so catchy, I love it!
A tow truck came to clear up the wreckage.
He's a fanatic.
He didn't seduce her with his words but with subliminal messages, that's the trick.
Neutralize all the enemies behind the barricades with your taser.
I have a confession to make.
Philosophy is my favorite subject.
Those gangsters get what they deserve.
When doing reinforcement learning, we have to find a suitable trade-off between exploration and exploitation.
The aerodynamic shape of whales is nifty.
The yield is essentially zero.
Let's postpone the maiden trip.
Mr. Bean is the main character of a British comedy.
Uncanny clowns were emplaced in the labyrinth.
ETA eleven-thirty.
In retrospect, everything was already decided when we heard the siren.
She ate an old pear and started suffocating.
Eddy current brakes are not suitable for locking a wheel.
That's an inherent disadvantage.
Listen to the solo of the e-guitar!
The Asperger syndrome is a form of autism.
The dictator was radical in his ideology.
She was jealous of the girl with polish on her nails and a handsome guy at her side.
Drinking too much coke can cause diabetes.
Give me precise instructions how to decontaminate the trooper.
This one's dedicated to the ghetto where I come from.
Any volunteers?
With her index finger, the little girl pointed to her mum.
My teacher always throws chalk at his pupils, that's why I'm wearing a helmet.
Sounds legitimate.
We migrated our stuff from Mac OS to Linux.
Everything looked diffuse after she took the narcotic.
The rebel pimped his lowrider with hydraulics.
Mathematics class is obligatory.
A colleague of mine is from West Virginia.
Touching the knob of the door triggers this Bluetooth camera to take a snapshot.
High voltage!
My puberty was probably taxing for mommy and daddy.
Writing sentences that will be read by hundreds of people makes me feel so powerful!
Better abort it before you get tangled up!
The little girl wanted to have a balloon, but was too shy to ask.
I didn't read what's in parentheses due to laziness.
Yesterday he felt invincible, now he has a hangover.
To my satisfaction, I have been mentioned in the credits for my proficiency.
Unfortunately, nobody can warrant that the sanctions will have an effect on the community.
This sapling will once become a giant oak tree.
Amen.
The millennium edition of the album contains multiple remixes and the lyrics.
Use the factory pattern and an iterator to step through the array.
The group from Belgium plans to go hiking on Wednesday.
In my fantasy I can guarantee harmony for all eternity.
What's up homies?
Rated M for mature.
Darling, I have a gift for you.
Bless you!
Take that can from the shelter and spray some graffiti.
I can see what happens backstage through this aperture!
Watching the parody was great entertainment.
The experience in the coffin was literally immersive.
I felt like being in paradise.
We crumble the bowl with a rasp until only fractions are left.
Just align your car orthogonal to the parking lot.
Pull the hook to toggle the jukebox.
If you still don't know what recursion is, read this sentence again.
They have prejudices against foreigners.
No wonder this vanilla yogurt tastes disgusting: Its eat-by date was last year.
That's a sophisticated mechanical system!
We want to disperse the core from the hull.
Sentences are built of nouns, verbs and sometimes adjectives.
To find out the exact threshold, we need to repeat this in a reproducible manner.
Please stop the recording by pressing the button again, when you have finished reading this sentence.
You can verify and re-record your own recordings before submitting them.
It takes two to tango.
Lima is the capital of Peru.
Oscar is dancing foxtrot together with Clara.
In colloquial language the term Yankee is used for U.S. citizens.
"Bravo!", Charlie applauded.
Romeo and Juliet might be the most famous act of William Shakespeare.
Many mountain ranges on earth are named Sierra Nevada.
For example, Colombia, Chile, Argentina and Venezuela.
Many languages are spoken in Tanzania, one of them is Zulu.
By area, Quebec is the largest province of Canada.
This swallow is twittering without Internet connection and has a swarm of followers.
If you release the clutch too quickly, the engine will stall.
Quit whining!
"Bacardi, rye, vodka – what do you want?", asked the barkeeper.
Oh Lord, give me patience – immediately!
The goalie is showing off his reflexes today.
You ain't gonna ruin this heist!
Dude, you've got swag!
Two nibbles are one byte.
Bit is the short term for binary digit.
Jeez, you look stoned!
Bonnie loves Clyde and vice versa.
We strolled along the promenade and through the mall.
The next episode is set in a Siberian crater.
Helena tied up her spouse, for whatever reason.
We got off with a slap on the wrist.
The new patch is less invasive than the old one, but still causes regressions.
How is Mozilla going to handle ambiguities like queue and cue?
Context is needed.
Also, will numbers be written as digits or as words?
Shawty, you look jaw-dropping in that jersey.
The grim reaper is waiting for you, reckless driver!
They found all sorts of drugs at Howard's house: Cocaine, meth, heroine...
Undefined reference to 'swizzle'.
Undeclared identifier 'jitter'.
The transaction is still pending.
My roommate always causes chaos.
ICBM is the abbreviation for intercontinental ballistic missile.
Diana is suffering from migraine again.
Look, fireflies!
Mrs. Travis, when I leave my kids in kindergarten, I expect you to supervise them.
I started with ballet when I was still in elementary school.
The dentist was ranting about my mediocre oral hygiene.
Oh my god, they killed Kenny!
Facebook collects data about non-members.
WhatsApp is a tool to isolate those who don't have it.
In other words, it's not an open platform.
Uranium and plutonium are radioactive.
I love the fjords of Norway.
One of Saturn's moons is called Helene.
Galileo Galilei was the first man who observed the planet Neptune through his telescope.
It's a long way to Tipperary, it's a long way to go!
I'd love to hear readers sing this.
I heard speech-to-text software often has problems when people are whispering.
But what if all our readers were whispering?
It's worthwhile to at least try to minimize the delta.
We're not allowed to export our goods to Afghanistan, due to the embargo.
Did you rewind the cassette?
Most of the energy will be absorbed by kinetic friction.
With that new haircut you look ridiculous.
Completing objectives will unlock new skins and skills.
Ransomware is the kind of malware that blackmails you after encrypting your files.
It takes decades until you're qualified to join the granny gang.
Last night my little sister crawled into my bed, after she'd had a nightmare.
You can choose either yes or nope.
You can reduce the quality of the anisotropic filter to gain some performance.
A rooster will attack other cocks that enter its territory.
"How many hens are there for one cock?", I asked the farmer.
Look, the seam is now broken, it couldn't stand the jerk.
Believe it or not, this peanut butter is homemade.
The proprietary software uses multi-threading for some intermediate steps.
Whistle-blower Edward Snowden still lives in exile in Russia.
Do yourself a favor, learn the language and socialize.
Transistors have replaced relays in many scopes of application since their invention.
Let's see what I can find out about the GDP of the Federal Republic of Cameroon.
The carpenter offered me a discount of twenty percent.
Presumably Ryan never did any sanity checks.
The hormone oxytocin is released when a mother breastfeeds her baby.
Have you ever heard the national anthem of South Korea?
If you tackled these outliers that would reduce the artifacts.
After experiencing a mind-blowing sensual orgy, Mike was sure he had taken an overdose.
Marek is so shortsighted, he can't identify faces from a distance of ten meters.
Lily is just as nearsighted as him.
Who is the blonde girl with the red skirt?
I think her name is Olivia.
No, Olivia is a brunette.
I have blisters on my hands because I was bouldering yesterday.
We don't have the budget to produce it in studio quality.
Do you notice the flickering of the neon lights?
The orchestra has its debut today.
To no surprise, the equator indeed crosses Ecuador.
The homeless guy was searching for returnable bottles in a garbage dumpster.
That blond guy over there is a git.
Unbelievable how many piercings this centerfold girl has.
"Another reason why Apple is superior to Microsoft", the troll posted and grabbed some popcorn for the subsequent flame war.
Latvia and Estonia are both between the Baltic Sea and Russia.
Nobody ever received the Nobel prize for the invention of chewing tobacco.
Christy has an engaging personality.
I always confuse estrogen with progesterone.
Male animals secrete pheromones that attract females.
I heard the land where the hobbits live, the Shire, has actually been filmed in New Zealand.
Eating oat flakes for breakfast combined with hard training will hopefully give me a six-pack stomach soon enough.
Geoffrey's parents are from the Ivory Coast.
The organ of this cathedral is made of ebony, except the pipes of course.
Is Lena flirting with me or just making compliments?
Stop bashing Ivy all the time!
Her low self-esteem is pathetic.
Henry is sitting in the bathtub.
Philip was standing on the levee watching the waves roll off the rocks and the splashes of spume.
Zora, can you teach me how to yodel?
The legend has it that two slaves were hoping for the pharaoh to grant them amnesty.
This looks like a viable infrastructure to me.
Samuel wrote in his testament that his grandchildren should inherit all his money.
He's an idol, but he's not a saint.
Hamilton quaternions can be used to replace many matrices, but not to represent view frustums.
Toby said, he's gonna sue his ex-wife.
The Islamic law is called shariah.
Theodore explained to us what a convolution filter is.
Kathleen loves to dress up like a princess.
Kirsten shrugged her shoulders.
You need to be an optimist to play the lottery.
The butcher gave me a kilo of ham for free!
Officials of the government toasted the fiscal sovereignty last night.
Valgrind detected multiple memory leaks.
No category seems to fit.
We can constrain the amplitude so that the signal gets clipped.
There are too many obstacles for the robot to find its way.
This coat is fur-lined.
I recommend using a spell checker to avoid such typos henceforth.
The scene begins with a closeup to Paula's face.
Mr Lincoln is my mentor.
Hooray, we're going to Alaska!
Well, the merry-go-round wasn't exactly spectacular.
Contrary to common belief, children won't gain computer literacy, if you just hand them tablet computers and smartphones.
Marc, would you please give me the fly swatter?
Strip down the rig until you know exactly where the error is located.
I've wrenched my ankle.
One can craft amazingly strong permanent magnets from neodymium.
Opus is a state-of-the-art loyalty-free audio codec for both speech and music.
Are they twins or just normal siblings?
Paraguay shares a border with Bolivia, while Uruguay does not.
I wrote my bachelor thesis with latex.
The bartender went to the keypad to unlock the entrance to the cellar storeroom.
Let's spawn next to the monument and wait for the rest of our squad.
The lorry driver yawned and decided to head for the next motel.
Thinking of him or his accomplice alone gives me goose bumps.
Those guys are hard to bust since their clan supports them with excellent advocates.
May I escort you to the garage?
I had to teach my nephew the facts of life, because his parents are prudes.
The apiarist told us a story about birds and bees.
By increasing the salinity of the water, we alter its dew point.
Ladies and gentlemen, this wagon is going to be detached.
Natalie gave me a pleasing massage, when we were in Luxembourg last week.
You're faltering.
I'm feeling a little tipsy.
Let's hope you don't have to vomit.
Don't be a pessimist!
My watch wouldn't work without a quartz resonator.
Simon tried to evade, but Timmy restrained him.
Rick was in the first aid club as a sixth-former.
The cinnamon desktop is not as widespread as gnome.
When you travel at warp speed, do it with caution!
Nora finds herself ugly, because she has pimples.
How is the climate in Jamaica?
"That homicide case is giving me headaches", the police officer said.
Ironically, you just gave me the perfect alibi.
Luckily, the dagger couldn't penetrate the bullet proof vest.
Slovakia has common borders with Ukraine, Hungary, Poland and the Czech Republic.
The tenement agency deems me unreliable due to my debts.
How can we obtain a priori knowledge for each individual?
I don't have a single penny left.
The alley was too narrow for the bulldozer.
The recluse from Lithuania and his compatriot were making up stories about mermaids and fays.
Let's do this in chronological order.
I can't clone this git repository.
The brake pedal was vibrating as the anti-skid system intervened.
There is mildew on the facade.
The pubic bone is part of the pelvis.
Compare the checksum to verify its integrity.
"Sue is short and pregnant", the father-to-be stated, thinking of a name for his future daughter.
"Still a better love story than Twilight", he commented on the porn movie.
Pretty please with a cherry on top!
Why are gully covers round?
Please make sure your recordings are not cut off.
Thanks to the exhaust turbo charger, we could double the engine torque.
Sally was shrieking when she heard the horn of the cement-mixer behind her.
An excavator left the quarry with coarse gravel in its shovel.
There are multiple subduction zones in Indonesia.
"Prepare for detonation", he announced and started the countdown.
Lee bought a ticket for the metro at central station.
The one time pad is an ultimate encryption if applied correctly.
Don't spank your kids!
How can we reconcile this conflict?
Let's toss a coin.
Kelvin, Fahrenheit or Celsius – which one is the best unit of temperature?
Do you have any remedy for louses?
In my opinion, you went too far with your satire poem.
That's a fair amount of loot.
I'm sure Carley is not a coward.
Jeffery really pulled a boner, but in the end everyone could laugh about it.
The cannibal was looking for another victim to appease his appetite.
The barrel is greasy from the oil.
Emily wants to get her hair bleached.
A thick ice crust made it impossible to pull the anchor.
I'm not so much into anatomy, where's the bladder again?
A ritzy limousine was driving along the fifth avenue.
Keep in mind that the denominator is positive.
Mario went to the CD player and pressed shuffle.
My empire reaches from the ocean in the East to the mountain ridge in the West.
Have you seen my USB dongle?
I think this font fits well to the overall theme.
Just pick up a first aid kit to restore your health.
Is it actually unusual for a planet that its axis is tilted?
Those people are kick-ass samba dancers!
It's wicked how Lara neglects her pussy cat.
Andy is down with influenza.
I thought he's immune to the flu.
For better physical understanding, let's first recap where the pivot point is.
This has become a bit of a cult in Romania.
They practiced an old Mongolian ritual to expel the demons.
Raccoons are mammals as well.
Is there really no sort of mandatory access control?
The father was unable to cut the umbilical cord of his newborn baby.
The solution is banal.
My lawn-mower is broken.
You two in the last row, stop giggling!
When it comes to the crunch, our company will become insolvent.
These machines are built for number crunching.
The life of that bungee jumper dangles on a string, in the truest sense of the word.
Did the dog sniff anyone out yet?
They mocked him by imitating all of his actions.
Wow, look how deep this canyon is!
Can you see the beacon at the top of the wind turbine?
Tobias tried to inject contempt into his tone.
High latencies are annoying during video conferences.
My alarm clock doesn't have a snooze button.
Lisa is playing the sax.
There's always a stiff breeze blowing at the coast.
I can't find an airline offering flights to the Virgin Islands.
After I had finished the first batch of papers, I was getting into the workflow.
The girl wore glossy pantyhose.
She didn't like the trend of nylon stockings.
The attack on our root server overstrained our senior administrator.
Marta curry favored with her teacher to get better grades.
Vivian's trying to fine-tune some parameters to maximize the magnitude.
Nina wants to fry tofu because it's vegan.
Your rusty bicycle chain could use some lube.
These chimes have a mellow sound.
Clementine is longsighted.
Let's deploy chirp modulation.
The train conductor nabbed a woman who had dodged the fare.
Apparently, most of the sentences have been written by nerds and scientists.
The more you read, the better you will be understood.
I can reassure you, that we won't retreat until the oil until the peace is secured.
Nobody's intending to build a wall.
The toll bridges scan all license plates.
The C++ framework Qt is pronounced like "cute".
Those egoistic businessmen always consider themselves important, just because they wear a cravat.
A good thing about English is, that you don't have to memorize whether things are feminine or masculine.
Edgar is a geek.
The psychopath often has hallucinations.
Policemen consider the mafia responsible for the massacre.
I can't find the ruler in my pencil case.
Tara tried to deescalate.
Today the committee implicitly decided to extend the arsenal.
Constable Beaver was leaning over the balustrade and observing the happenings around the pavilion.
I leased ten hectares of land and it turned out that it was barren.
We found out this switch is a dummy.
Touchscreens do not provide haptic feedback.
I guess, it's a never-ending story.
I really like the instrumental part, but the vocals are rude.
The majority always claims to be pacifist, BUT ...
A firmware update is available.
I think the party was an amusement for most of the guests, but Mirco felt really out of place.
Does the new splinter cell game come with a multiplayer mode?
He always stutters when he's nervous, that's why he delegated the speech.
A drunk man's talk is a sober man's thought.
What a bummer!
Wine is not an emulator.
They hope to get a hybrid embryo by merging the DNA of a different species.
My name is Atlas and I'm going to guide you through Rapture.
I was in hot pursuit of the scooter when I cycled down the boulevard.
I don't like superstars with Botox faces.
Zak is a wannabe skater.
Witnesses report a Caucasian rampage murderer equipped with Molotov cocktails.
The earl is walking on the parquet floor in his plush mansion.
I'd propose a dictionary attack instead of brute force.
Ignorance is bliss.
I need a pacifier for my baby.
Our collision detection only works for rigid bodies.
On his visit in Iran, the diplomat criticized the strict censorship.
No western movie without a brawl in a saloon.
The unemployment rate is alarming.
My foster son is a sleepwalker.
I don't believe in voodoo.
The audience clapped enthusiastically after an outstanding performance.
"I still have no idea what to do next with my raspberry pi", Emmett sighed.
When is the usual monsoon period in Bangladesh?
Julian is presumably in favor of legalizing cannabis.
Come on Betty, let's go for a drink and sink a few.
Felix, please show me how to correctly throw a boomerang.
Perpendicular recording has increased the data density of hard disks for sure.
Please tell me the corresponding longitude and latitude!
Nether portals are built of obsidian.
Please put a clothes-peg on your nose before reading this.
They use the terraforming tool to modify the terrain.
You can say mutex instead of mutual exclusion.
Does the sensor still have the same deficits when it comes to interoperability with other vendors?
The allies lost another airborne division during the raid.
Only stumps are left where hundreds of spruce firs stood yesterday.
Dora has a trampoline in her garden.
In the simulation game, I think I will hijack this fancy Lamborghini.
You should've learned that thumbnails with women wearing plunging necklines are just click bait.
Oops, I didn't want to barge in on you!
Due to the lack of a bug bounty program, Johanna decided to sell her exploit on the black market.
Eve had a secret affair with Ronald.
The time allotted for speaking doesn't leave a margin for questions.
The Phantom of the Opera is the only musical I've ever seen.
Sooner or later, they'll find out how to read these hieroglyphics.
There's a podium discussion about the pros and cons of daylight saving time.
It's raining gin!
We chose a torus topology for our network.
I won't give your niece a lollipop if she gets naughty again.
Why is pinball so addictive?
I have to use the toilet.
Agent Keys took out his neuralizer and flashy-thinged the coroner.
Most people using the term "exponentially" don't know what it actually means.
This blurry tomography doesn't help me a lot with the diagnosis.
I met your stepdad in the liquor shop yesterday.
Is he a drunkard or what?
The Viking rudder was harsh on the oars.
We should celebrate our anniversary in the new karaoke bar.
Parents should warn their kids about possible undertow near sieves in swimming pools.
The selfish Welsh wish to sell fish, which smells swell when getting squished.
One picture in the gallery shows how diligent slaves erect the statue of admiral Thompson.
Arnold presented a chart showing how many storks he had counted in the past ten years.
Whether and how to ethically kill lobsters is disputed.
The homemade chili dip by your stepmother is really tasty.
This section deals with the caveats of the proposed method.
You might as well play Russian roulette.
All of our trainees failed the polygraph test.
I wonder if C-sections will get more popular than natural births one day.
The prevailing notion among midwifes is that vaginal childbirths should be preferred to cesareans.
We had a lot of hurricanes this year.
Ground station to flight one-oh-one, please correct your altitude, over!
By accepting our privacy policy, you agree that we save your data for twenty-one days to detect frauds.
Anna Austen asked about the acceptation of the word "alliteration".
Mrs Brickman wants to know why her rating score is so terribly low.
Can you sing me a lullaby?
I only know the refrain.
The whole region was affected by the flood calamity.
Oh man, I think I got friend-zoned once again.
Attacking these virtual villains will increase your notoriety online.
Web developers shouldn't embed scripts directly from jQuery.com since it enables a third party to track all users.
It was my moral incentive for all endeavors I've made so far.
Mayday, we crashed into an iceberg!
There's no point in disclaiming, we have everything on tape.
While some admired the prophet, others accused him of blasphemy, and now he seeks sanctuary abroad.
I'd add a separate subsection which deals with this aspect.
You have dilated pupils.
A bus shuttle took us from the airport to the metro.
I have a baseball bat in my room to defend against intruders.
It's probably a good idea to merge the two subsections in the synopsis.
Cheryl asked me about visiting the poetry slam with her tomorrow.
Hey, stop staring at my decollete!
I'm just gazing at the marble of your necklace.
It's the first time my grandpa does online banking.
Two scorpions were menacing each other with their stings.
Their venom is however not deadly to humans.
An inferno destroyed half of Lisbon during the Portuguese inquisition.
The incubation period is typically about two weeks.
There's a group of unruly teens bumming around in your garden.
Let's hope the state secretary can exert influence on the chancellor.
Your so-called sedative only exacerbates the pain.
Lawrence was baffled by the amount of things he had learned about fuzzy logic.
When Luke had finished the hazard analysis, he frowned.
The police was still interrogating witnesses of the rape when a mob outside began to practice lynch law.
As a preliminary, familiarize yourself with the basic concept of nuclear fission.
The fascinating consequence of Bayes' theorem is that we can infer against the direction of causality.
Tabitha on the other hand, chose a more pragmatic approach.
The chocolate bar looked so tempting that Lenna just couldn't abstain from it.
There's a variety of possibilities, but the checkerboard pattern doesn't seem appropriate here.
Sylvester needed to meditate to clear his mind.
Sigmund depicted the occurrence with all its obscene details.
To summarize, our comprehensive survey discloses the true versatility of their method.
My daughter is happy that she found a feather on the street.
After the prince had been rescued, he showed evidence of Stockholm syndrome.
One can still see the scar where the acid was accidentally poured on my arm.
I wonder if we'll ever get rid of all the nukes.
The merit of their paper is to alleviate the extraction of isolines and isosurfaces.
Before you get too excited, keep in mind that it only applies to low-dimensional problems.
The Fury X is a very potent graphics card.
Taran was so bored that he took his biro and drew some glyphs on the table.
When Alvin was a little boy, he loved to watch Bud Spencer and Terence Hill.
Tiffany told us, the bench is made of beech wood.
I like the avenger of the new episode, he really is a badass.
The epileptic seizure could have been cause by the strobe lights.
Wow, the stroboscope effect on the ball is really astonishing!
That's the centigrade scale.
Sometimes Yasmin's ambitions have no limits.
We have offices all around the globe.
This is probably web jargon.
Come to my ranch, and I'm gonna show you what damage the tornado has caused.
We cannot condone how the state drifts into anarchy.
