She discovered a key hidden under her desk.
The police investigated the person for counterfeit money.
A new remuneration scheme has been announced by the government.
The old warehouse is no longer storing any noxious chemicals.
An economics discussion on TV went off the tangent to politics.
The island is covered by a thick, billowing white fog.
This food is quite insipid yet expensive.
I would give a good review of the new TV I bought a week ago.
Did you know that the word "commercial" could mean the same as "advertisement"?
I'm going with Clara to buy some pillows and bolsters.
She plans to install a bench on her balcony.
Watt is the SI unit of power.
I prefer to ride a taxi rather than train to go to the airport.
A villager planted this tree fifty years ago.
"Let's prepare for the picnic!", said Abigail.
Do you still remember your old account's password?
We usually parked our motorcycles near to this building.
Monday is not my worst day of the week.
A lemon tea could be great to drink this summer.
Are you going to Kyoto this June?
Victor and Victoria both enjoy traveling in Turkey.
Jason opened some old, dusty chests in the attic of his house.
Sorry for interrupting your lecture, Sir Edward.
The police aborted the investigation.
You could contact us if there is a problem with your admission.
Seoul has two main airports: one at Incheon and another one at Gimpo.
I had a great trip to a cocoa factory.
She bought three cod fishes to cook for dinner.
It is evident enough that someone was trying to trespass my house.
The old lady founded this organization thirty years ago.
Have you prepared for tomorrow's Geography quiz?
Sorry, but I need to inform Jason that I'll be late.
As a winner, Carlos gives his acceptance speech in front of the stage.
I booked a hotel in Bali, Indonesia for this holiday.
Today's task is writing a synopsis of Tata's recently-published novel.
Today, I am going to explain about Sundry Expenses.
The government's post went viral in just three days.
Acceleration is the rate of change in velocity.
I'm planning to buy some topological maps for my research.
This building has about ten stories.
This place is inaccessible by car due to the broken bridge.
Have you visited that famous bat cave, Albert?
The reviews they wrote on the Internet were not quite objective.
She turned into her lachrymosity while visiting her grandparents.
I'm going to roast some chestnuts.
Cheap, tawdry bags are being sold everywhere in this market.
She accuses her friend of cheating in class.
This headquarter is accessible to public only during weekends.
I'd like to order some cinnamon pretzels, please.
This award is given in three different categories.
It is going to be better than before.
Hey Lucy, have you remembered the lyrics for the anthem yet?
I am going to send some mail to my family.
Someone accidentally aborted the mission.
Have you planned your weekend activity yet?
She decided to study Accounting at a university in Portugal.
Elena took a photo of the fountain in front of the Eiffel Tower.
Nara took a flight from South Africa to Japan.
I saw too many advertisements covering this website.
I think I saw some actors were gathering at a large restaurant.
I had some problems in activating this coupon.
That is the weirdest dress I have found in this store.
She is absent from work at the drug store today.
She stored a collection of dictionaries and encyclopedia books in this cupboard.
He has modified a t-rex game for a Christmas event.
My nephew works as a barista in a small cafe in Edinburgh.
I really love to watch live streams of developer conferences.
I was told by my instructor to use a nichrome wire to burn metal solids.
The candles brightened the dark room near to the garage.
These home-made sculptures seem interesting to me.
Eleven scorpions were collected by a hunter.
At least twelve scripts were found in this chest.
Thirteen totems were spread across this island.
She brought fourteen rubber ducks to play in the swimming pool.
My office is located on level fifteen.
Sixteen participants are involved in a chess tournament.
Seventeen gardeners are working this afternoon.
She's now eighteen years old.
There are nineteen students in this Economics class.
The Central-Midlevels escalator system in Hong Kong consists of twenty escalators.
I suspect that Irene erased my backup copy of my report.
My niece sent me a nice photo of Moscow via email.
The element antimony is mainly used in flame retardants.
Paraffin wax is an important ingredient of a candle.
Are you still using your computer for the research?
I’ve got an announcement to make.
What is it, boss?
From now on, your salaries are going to be lowered by 20 percent.
You can’t do that, it is written in our contract.
Security, kick this guy out!
This is unacceptable, we must do something!
"We haven’t reached our target yet", said the boss.
We are doing an overtime ban as we are dissatisfied with the boss' decisions.
How bad can a boss be?
How many times should I tell you, don’t play Space War during work!
Have you finished with the Annual Report, Jane?
That’s what you get for testing my patience.
I have a list of candidates to replace you.
I just opened the link you sent to me.
The online dictionary is much easier and faster than the paper dictionary.
Check the main features on the website.
View the reviews, comments, and ratings on the website.
Check the website for viruses, biases, and scams.
Check whether the website is funded by ads, donations, or others.
Check the person and/or company who owns this website. 
Find how useful the information is on the website.
Verify the contents of the website.
Check the copyright, trademark, and patent information contained on the website.
Be careful in handling all the chemicals which are corrosive or irritant.
The metal ions have to be heated in the flame first.
It seems that the elderly are having difficulties in using the Internet.
I am quite surprised that the restaurant finally fixed the lighting problem.
Lastly, do not forget to submit your assignment by this week.
The album unexpectedly tops the sales chart this Christmas.
Have you ever tried donating to a non-profit movement?
May I borrow your bolster?
The train will depart from Paris by 5 pm.
Do not touch the apparatus before I told you to do so.
Excuse me, where may I find some Accounting books to borrow?
Please mind the gap between the platform and train.
I could not trust this survey as it is being outdated.
Paula decided to attend the Developer Conference next month.
How can I tell you that you are fit enough to join the camp?
The government just published a new public service announcement ad.
We will have a quiz on binomial nomenclature next week.
"Memes are very hackneyed", she wrote in her book.
I could not judge for her actions, but I believe that she is right.
Why didn't you come to our launch party?
Surveillance cameras were set to allow police to find suspicious activities.
Do not worry, I have the light torch in my grip.
Please refrain from taking pictures in this area.
According to the dictionary, the word "gizmo" means the same as "gadget".
First of all, I am introducing the facilitators of this science camp.
The college decided to ebb their plan for increasing their parking spaces.
Sine, cosine and tangent are three basic trigonometric equations you'll need to know.
I believe that there are lots of spiders gathering in the attic.
My cat loves to ensconce herself in my new sofa.
Sometimes, I need to clear my browser cache to save more storage space.
We took a visit to a seed bank last week.
Why not write a petition to the government?
At first, studying correlation in graphs is tough for me.
In 1995, the Indian government renamed "Bombay" to "Mumbai".
The driver's rating is quite low, and I felt suspicious.
So you haven't heard about the Bezier Tool, right?
Overhead projectors were popular in the twentieth century.
Looking the instrumental version of this song is really hard.
The boss just delayed the deadline for the report.
Vandalism could relay some funny messages, too!
"Nickelodeon" was an early movie machine before registered as a trademark.
If you just finished speaking this sentence, click the red button below to stop recording.
Thirty-two Turkish tourists took a trip to a turkey farm.
Seventeen students admired that Sam and Sally are both the smartest in their class.
There is nothing left behind in Aditya's old house.
This obfuscated script has been decoded by computers at about 3 months ago.
Apparently, the autocomplete feature is not working temporarily.
What I can say about the movie is that its effects are very great and awesome.
Badminton is my favorite type of racket sports.
This small house consists of three bedrooms and a bathroom.
I will explain more about the Bezier tool at the next meeting.
It is a wonderful Monday in London.
Let's have some tea and biscuits.
Alfred is currently busy in untangling and fixing a labyrinth of computer cables.
Next to the Cathedral is a 10-acre public park full of flowers and fountains.
Please do not mess up with the buttons on this machine.
Well, it seems that I am running out of cereals for breakfast.
Thanks for giving me an album of classical music.
Well, this exactly happens in an old story from Norwegia.
The hotel gives some complimentary water bottles to drink.
The contruction of a new theme park is immediately halted for an unknown reason.
I am giving you a new assignment about the counterargument paragraph.
She ever cycled around the country in 2005 as a fundraising attempt.
Please wait a moment while I am investigating the issue.
See you at the statue near to the magazine shop.
The majority of citizens are involved in a social media campaign.
He is currently setting up the microphones for the concert.
The sunlight shines over a sky full of clouds.
We are planning to visit the Grand Canyon.
It takes almost an hour to render this video.
She went to a park to take some footages.
When will you send the report to me?
Her computer suddenly shows a Blue Screen of Death.
She is being infected with influenza.
There are 32 students inside the classroom.
Make sure that your slide designs have an appropriate color selection and contrasts.
I have set myself three different objectives for this year.
The opening of a new shopping mall led to an increase in road traffic nearby.
So, are you planning to order a taxi?
I prefer not to take some public transport systems for security reasons.
She expects that her birthday cake should be pink, not purple.
The convenience store manager was mad at the unfriendly cashier.
Let's decide where should we hide in this closed department store.
She is having a meeting with a business consultant.
You might hear "font families" more than "typefaces", even though they could mean the same thing.
Many concerned people decided to uninstall some social media apps.
If you experience further problems, please let me know.
I would prefer to pay with cash rather than contactless prepaid cards.
Bananas contain a lot of sugar, even though they are fruits.
Someone finally figured out the password of this computer.
The new law prohibits smoking in public transportation systems.
I am excited about upcoming products released next year.
