"A dreary name," said the Lord Chancellor.
"A fog, miss," said the young gentleman.
"A man of European reputation," murmured Mr. Badger.
"A very excellent idea," I said, and did so.
"A very excellent idea," said Aunt Dahlia.
"A virtue in which few Englishmen are deficient," observes Mr. Tulkinghorn.
"A woman and a man," he said.
"About five feet seven," he answered.
"Absolutely," I said with approval.
"Ah, my poor friend!" he said, when he saw the young man's distress.
"Ah, yes," he said, carelessly.
"Ah, you will be content, Adele, tonight," she cried.
"All right now," returns the trooper.
"All right," he said.
"All that I know I will tell readily," said Harry.
"All this, my dear," said I.
"Amen," said Aunt Dahlia.
"And Bleak House," said his lordship, "is in Hertfordshire".
"And I can never forget it," said Ada.
"And again," says mademoiselle with more tight and angry nods.
"And again," she repeats, cataleptic with determination.
"And here he is," said the Commissaire.
"And it sounds" he said, "like a small sum."
"And not you alone," he said, with a smile.
"And refused all proposals," said my guardian.
"And was I not wise?" he said, with complacency.
"Any one might forget," he said, with a reassuring smile.
"Anywhere's nowhere," said Miss Jellyby, stopping perversely.
"Anywhere, my dear," I replied.
"At twenty-five minutes past ten," replied the clerk shortly.
"Attila," she said at length.
"Babies come from amazon.com," he deadpanned.
"Bad show this, my dear old flesh and blood," I said.
"Be careful how you chew," I advised..
"Be so kind as to act as my solicitor," said Grandfather.
"Besides, your description is incomplete," he said.
"Besides," he added, breaking fiercely out, "I'll shame them."
"But Geneva is a big city" cried Harry in exasperation.
"But I don't want to live here," cried Dorothy.
"But I must," she said with a laugh.
"But don't let me wander from the subject," she resumed.
"But it is very possible that it does matter," he said gently.
"But it must have been this morning, I think," said I.
"But more persuadable we can, I hope," said I.
"But of course," she at once replied.
"But perhaps — " She stopped.
"But she could cry out," exclaimed Ricardo.
"But she said Adele's hair was black," interposed Mr. Ricardo.
"But that is a fine suggestion," he cried.
"But that is astounding," he said, in an awe-struck voice.
"But we must cross it," said the Scarecrow.
"But we must have a basket to ride in," he said.
"But you had already guessed 'Geneva,'" said Ricardo.
"But you must have made a mistake," said the Commissaire.
"But you never said a word about it to us," he grumbled.
"But you will have a nurse," he said firmly.
"But" he stammered, "the case upon the dressing-room table was empty."
"But, mademoiselle, you are safe," he said, with a smile.
"By all means," he replied, with a smile of extreme courtesy.
"Can't you see the scene?" he asked with a queer smile of excitement.
"Certainly not, Sir Leicester," "I am glad to hear it."
"Certainly, old bird," I said cordially.
"Charley," said I, "are you so cold?"
"Come in," said Oz.
"Come, my friend," he said, "let us hear exactly how this happened!"
"Come," he says; "I am ready."
"Confide fully in him," she said after a little while.
"Death must have been instantaneous," said the doctor.
"Decent of you to rally round, Bertie," she said.
"Did you hear anything?" he asked in a whisper.
"Did you know that?" he asked in English.
"Does it matter," he asked, with some solicitude.
"Don't be frivolous, my dear old butler," I said.
"Don't mention it, old man," I responded courteously.
"Don't mind this gentleman," he says in his quiet way.
"Don't try me too high," she begged.
"Don't try, my dear," he answered.
"Esther, dear," she said very quietly, "I am not going home again."
"Every one of them, miss," said Charley.
"Everything is in the safe," Helene insisted.
"Fishy," he said.
"For the last time," she pleaded to herself.
"For tonight," he said, "I am your papa!"
"For you, miss, if you please," said she.
"For you," she said with a kiss.
"From gentlemen to apprentices," said my guardian, smiling.
"Geneva time is an hour later than French time," he said shortly.
"Get me some gum or paste, and quickly," he said.
"Gimme," said Aunt Dahlia listlessly.
"Glinda might," he suggested.
"Go on, mademoiselle," he said.
"Go on," exclaimed Dorothy.
"God bless him," I thought, "for his truth to me!"
"Good-bye," replied the princess.
"Hallo, Bertie, you old ass," was her very matey greeting.
"He ain't come in yet," says Judy.
"He has never hurt anybody but himself," says Mr. George, smiling.
"He is changed," he returned, shaking his head.
"He is living concealed at Mr. George's," said I.
"He looks as if he had not slept," he said.
"He should look in the safe," said she.
"He was arrested this evening," he said.
"Her manner was strange," said I.
"Her room is, I think, upstairs," he said.
"Here I am," says Bart.
"Here he is," said Hanaud, taking up his hat.
"Here is another space between the trees," called the Lion.
"How could he have the news?" exclaimed Ricardo, whose brain was whirling.
"How still and peaceful everything is," said Angela.
"Hullo, eyesore," she said.
"I accept it with many thanks," returned the trooper.
"I admit it most fully and freely," said I.
"I always thought you were such friends," said Angela.
"I am afraid, my friend, that is so," he said gravely.
"I am in town on leave just now," said Richard.
"I am very glad indeed to hear it," says Sir Leicester.
"I am very glad to go there, sir," I answered.
"I am well enough," says Mr. George.
"I am well known to be prudent," says Mr. George, composedly smoking.
"I beg mademoiselle's pardon if I hurt her," said Adele.
"I beg your pardon, sir," he said.
"I can never forget it," said Richard.
"I can't come back, my dear," called Oz from the basket.
"I can't imagine," said I.
"I can't wait," he cried, with a passionate appeal.
"I can't," she returned.
"I can, and I do," I said.
"I cannot understand your calmness," he exclaimed.
"I couldn't do that," she exclaimed.
"I couldn't say," he replied, beginning to sidle round the bench.
"I covet nothing," said he in the same light way.
"I did not," he said, "I do not now".
"I didn't know I was crying, sir," I faltered.
"I do not know," answered Harry.
"I do," said I, "quite confidently."
"I don't know yet," said Bucket in the same tone.
"I don't mean absolutely that," he returned.
"I don't say that," he returned, gravely.
"I don't take kindly to the breed," said Mr. George.
"I feel wise, indeed," he answered, earnestly.
"I go out to work, sir," returns Charley.
"I had not followed my suggestion to its conclusion," he admitted humbly.
"I hardly know what it was like, guv'nor," said Phil, considering.
"I hate publicity," said Ricardo acidly.
"I have a sister in London, a widow," he said.
"I have always liked you as you were," said Dorothy, simply.
"I have come for my brains," remarked the Scarecrow, a little uneasily.
"I have come for my courage," announced the Lion, entering the room.
"I have nothing to say to you," rejoins Mr. Tulkinghorn.
"I have quite recovered my health and my cheerfulness," said I.
"I have taken your good luck away," said the girl remorsefully.
"I have," said the Scarecrow.
"I hope he does," says Tony, "but I doubt it."
"I hope number two's as good" snarls the old man.
"I hope you will pardon me," she said humbly.
"I know quite enough about it," returns Tony.
"I know, monsieur, that Helene is not my friend," she said.
"I left this behind me," he said, putting it into his pocket.
"I may come too?" cried Mr. Ricardo eagerly.
"I mean to try hard," she answers, wiping her eyes.
"I must succeed tonight," she said to herself — "I must!"
"I passed the gate of the villa about half-past nine," he said.
"I quite understand that," said I.
"I really don't, sir," I returned.
"I remember the whole incident vividly," I said.
"I say, Bertie," she said, meditatively chewing fruit salad.
"I see," I said, though I didn't, being still fogged.
"I see," he said, at length.
"I shall be glad to have your company," said Dorothy.
"I shall be guided," replies George, "entirely by it."
"I shall not put him to the proof," said my guardian.
"I shall see you tomorrow evening," he said, holding her hand.
"I shall try," he said.
"I should have thought," he said solemnly.
"I should think not," rejoins Mr. Bucket.
"I suppose not," said Dorothy.
"I suppose there will be," she said regretfully.
"I thank you, miss," said he.
"I think I am, miss," she replied.
"I think I do," says Jo.
"I think I know what's on your mind, Tuppy," I said.
"I think it is ready," said I.
"I think she wore them," she said doubtfully.
"I think so," said he, laughing.
"I think that I can," he said, and he produced his card.
"I thought you might have been a trifle peeved," I said.
"I understand," he said, meekly accepting the correction.
"I want you to fly with me to Kansas," said Dorothy.
"I will go down and open the gate," he whispered.
"I will have inquiries made," he said.
"I will tell you," he said, in his most confidential tones.
"I will turn on the light," she said.
"I will wear what you please," she said, with a smile.
"I will, indeed," he replied cheerily.
"I wish I could," she murmured.
"I wish it was," he returned, "with all my heart."
"I wish it were," growls Tony, without changing his position.
"I wrote a letter while we were taking our luncheon," he explained.
"I'm cleaning the upstairs back room, miss," replies Charley.
"I'm very sorry," returned Dorothy; "please forgive us."
"I've got it," I said.
"If it is not being troublesome," said we.
"If only we are in time!" he said, catching his breath.
"If you believe you are a good prophet," said I.
"If you please, sir," said I.
"If you were to go to her;" He shook his head.
"Impossible," she repeated.
"In the meantime," I ventured to observe, "he is getting worse."
"Indeed I do," he said, with a laugh.
"Indeed, I think so, Esther," replied she.
"Is it," Mr. George muses, "blank cartridge or ball?"
"It draws," says Jo, "as heavy as a cart."
"It is a green fabric," he said very wisely.
"It is all done," he said, with a nod of the head.
"It is green chiffon," he said.
"It is infamous," he cried passionately.
"It is kind of you to like a Scarecrow," he replied.
"It is not likely to occur again," said I, smiling.
"It is not surprising," said he.
"It is not true, monsieur," cried Celia earnestly.
"It is terrible," he said.
"It might open a new world to him," said I.
"It seems gloomy," said the Scarecrow.
"It shall wait here," said Ricardo.
"It was a powerful car?" "Sixty horse-power," he said.
"It was a shot," he said.
"It was in the north, sir, as we came down," observed Richard.
"It was madame who wished you to believe," she stammered.
"It was not I who sent it," said Ricardo eagerly.
"It will be necessary to keep that," he said.
"It will make no difference now," he said.
"It's a mistake," he said.
"It's all for nothing!" he screamed rather than cried.
"It's all right," I said.
"It's cursed luck," he said.
"It's disgraceful," she said.
"It's the boy, miss," said he.
"It's twenty-four pounds, sixteen, and sevenpence ha'penny," observed the stranger.
"Jeeves," I said, "I had not expected this of you."
"Jeeves," I said, "a word with you."
"Jeeves," I said, "all this is a bit thick."
"Jeeves," I said, "do you know what?"
"Jewels which she keeps in the safe in her bedroom," she added.
"Judy," says the old man, "have you got the pipe?"
"Just run through that wheeze again, Jeeves," I said thoughtfully.
"Just so, just so," the old man nods.
"Just so," observes the stationer with his confirmatory cough.
"Keep your hands so, please, mademoiselle," said Adele; "your fingers loose."
"Let me hear," he said gravely.
"Let me look at your forehead," he says, bending down.
"Let me see," said I, pretending to consider.
"Let me see," said Richard, looking at his watch.
"Let me see," said she.
"Let us go somewhere at any rate," said I.
"Let us go," he said.
"Listen to me," he said solemnly.
"Look here," said Tony, recoiling.
"Lovely evening," I said.
"Lovely," I agreed.
"Mademoiselle has not moved," she said.
"Marrow puddings," he says instantly.
"Military time, sir," he replied.
"Miss Clare," said the Lord Chancellor.
"Miss Summerson really is my ward," he said.
"Miss Summerson," he repeated, and looked at me again.
"Monsieur is pleased to laugh at me," he said.
"Monsieur, I am speaking the truth," said the chauffeur.
"Monsieur," he cried, "something has been taken from this room."
"Monsieur," she said, "you do not go the right way."
"More than ever," he said.
"My dear, I don't know it," said I.
"My friend, I also am remembering those words," he said.
"My place was by your side, Aunt Dahlia," I responded.
"Never mind the patch," exclaimed the happy Woodman.
"No doubt," is Mr. Tulkinghorn's composed reply.
"No knife made it," he asserted.
"No one can pass," said he.
"No, my dear," said I.
"No, my friend, she could not cry out," he replied very seriously.
"No, my friend," he answered.
"No, no, my love," said he.
"No," said I, as she seemed to wait for me.
"No," said Ricardo, with a smile.
"Nonsense, my friend," he said, clapping the disconsolate man upon the shoulder.
"Nor could I — at the time," said he.
"Not a bit of it," said the strange man.
"Not in the least," said he.
"Not to you," said Gussie.
"Not too quickly," he whispered.
"Nothing could have kept me away," I replied, touched.
"Nothing particular," returns the trooper.
"Nothing," I said.
"Now, mistress," said the lawyer, tapping the key hastily upon the chimney-piece.
"Now," she adds, "show me the spot again!"
"O Lord," said the young man.
"Of course not," said madame briskly.
"Of course you should, you silly ass," said Gussie genially.
"Of course, madame," she said, with a certain submissiveness which surprised Ricardo.
"Oh, I don't go so far as that," he said reluctantly.
"Oh, Mrs. Woodcourt," said I, "that is so difficult!"
"Oh, aye," replied Richard, "I'm all right."
"Oh, dear no, miss," he said.
"Oh, hullo, Tuppy," I said, "I wanted to see you."
"Oh, look," she said.
"Oh, my dear," he returned with a hopeless gesture.
"Oh, no;" answered the Woodman.
"Oh, poor child," said I; "let me out, if you please!"
"Oh, right ho," I said hastily.
"Oh, yes, it has, my dear," he said laughingly.
"Oh, yes; sit down in that chair, please," replied Oz.
"Oh, you'll be all right," I said.
"On the contrary," he replied.
"On the other hand you have four thousand francs," protested the detective.
"Only a matter of form, miss," returned the young gentleman.
"Only for the best, guardian," said I.
"Only round the corner," said Mr. Guppy.
"Over thirteen, sir," replied the child.
"Perhaps Helene has fainted," she said anxiously: "she does not come."
"Perhaps there are wild beasts in the forest now," said Dorothy.
"Precisely the same," said Mr. Badger.
"Probably," returns Mr. Tulkinghorn, quietly blowing his nose.
"Push that in at the first post office you pass," I said.
"Put the banknotes upon the table," he said hurriedly.
"Quite," I replied guardedly.
"Quite," I said, a little hurriedly.
"Read it," he said.
"Remain a moment, Esther," said he, "You were in my thoughts."
"Richard," I urged, "it is not so hopeless as that?"
"Rick is mistaken, my dear," he would say to her.
"Right ho," I said.
"See," he continued, "you are wrong: she is coming."
"Send your valet away," he said.
"She has left her footmarks clear enough," he whispered.
"She has no need of it," said he.
"She is like the morning," he said.
"She is still weak," said the Commissaire.
"She looks honest," he said, with a sigh of relief.
"She means well," said Mr. Jarndyce hastily.
"She must be softened up," I said.
"She seems quite happy," he said.
"She should have come by the omnibus," he repeated and repeated stupidly.
"She will do all she can to make me happy," said I.
"She's worth her weight in gold," said the trooper.
"Shove it down, Aunt Dahlia," I said sympathetically.
"Silly young geezer," I said.
"So I gave him notice," said Mrs. Blinder.
"So it is, so it is," returned my guardian hurriedly.
"So it might," my guardian assented.
"So the name was Adele," he whispered.
"So you went at a walk," he said.
"So, cousin," said the cheerful voice of Richard to Ada behind me.
"Speak to Esther, my dearest," said Richard, breaking the silence presently.
"Still, she was not wearing them, I know," he said decisively.
"Summer lightning," he thought.
"Tails up be dashed," was her sombre response.
"Tails up, Aunt Dahlia," I urged buoyantly.
"Temporarily, yes," I had to admit.
"Thank you once more, mademoiselle," he said.
"Thank you," he answered.
"Thank you," he said, and the waiter moved away.
"Thank you," said Dorothy, gratefully.
"That is proof that he is sharp," remarked the Lion.
"That is quite true," he said.
"That is so," he said quietly.
"That is true," agreed the Woodman.
"That is true," said the doctor.
"That is your explanation, mademoiselle," he said gently.
"That man will take advice from no one," he declared.
"That must be a matter of opinion," said the Tin Woodman.
"That perhaps we shall see," he said.
"That very sleeve," he said, pointing.
"That was April Fool Day," says Mr. George, resuming his breakfast.
"That was just before I came," he said.
"That was madness," he said.
"That was not my meaning," returns Sir Leicester.
"That was the time, sir," answers Tony, faintly adjusting his whiskers.
"That we shall see," he said, pointing to the woodwork.
"That would make me very unhappy," answered the china princess.
"That's all right," said the Scarecrow.
"That's better," he said cheerfully.
"That's so cliche" she said.
"That's very like her," says Mr. Guppy.
"The Post Office would have stopped letters or telegrams," he said.
"The Silver Shoes," said the Good Witch, "have wonderful powers".
"The case is in your hands," said the Commissaire.
"The girl will know," said Helene.
"The interior of the room gaped black," he resumed.
"The universe," he observed, "makes rather an indifferent parent, I am afraid."
"Then do it," he said with a smug grin.
"Then he can go jolly fast now," said Aunt Dahlia with animation.
"Then we will buy the cord in town," she said.
"Then why don't you —?" he began, and stopped.
"Then, cousin John —  " Ada laughingly began again.
"There are strong resemblances," he said guardedly.
"There had always been the row of footlights," she said.
"There has been no breach," I said.
"There is a pearl necklace missing," he said.
"There is nothing more for us to see here," he said.
"There is something cold there," said Tuppy, with growing cheerfulness.
"There it is," and he handed the man a five-franc piece.
"There we are," he said, with his shrill, wavering laugh.
"There will be danger, then?" he said, with a tremor of excitement.
"These are very fine," said my guardian.
"They are both friends of mine," he replied.
"They are crying it in the streets," said he.
"They die everywhere," said the boy.
"They know," he answered - "those in England know."
"They threaten me," said Harry.
"This is a horrible house," says Mr. Guppy, shutting the window.
"This is a lovely place," said Richard, looking round.
"This is a very sensible woman," said my guardian.
"This is my grandson," says Grandfather.
"This is my room," she said warningly, pointing to the bedroom.
"This is strange," exclaimed Dorothy; "what shall we do?"
"This," said my godmother in an undertone, "is the child."
"To be sure," said the judge, with a savage sarcasm.
"To me this story does not seem invented," he replied.
"To see the Good Witch who rules here," she answered.
"True," answered Oz.
"Up the hill to the Hotel Majestic," said Ricardo.
"Very good," I said coldly.
"Very good," said my guardian.
"Very well, my dear," said I.
"Very well," answered Oz, meekly.
"Very well," answered the little man.
"Very well," answered the little man; "I will get it for you."
"Very well," smiled Mrs. Badger, "we will say still young."
"We are doing very well," pursued Richard.
"We can't go back now," said Adele in a frantic whisper.
"We have had no such tests as these," she explained, half in hope.
"We have seen everything here; let us go upstairs," he said.
"We know that the murderer has escaped," he replied hotly.
"We must go," he whispered hoarsely.
"We must go," said Harry.
"We must go," said she.
"We must search Geneva, then," he cried.
"We need not keep this room locked," he said.
"We shall be in time, I think," he said.
"We shall go tomorrow morning," returned the Scarecrow.
"We will begin at the beginning," he said briskly.
"We will find her easily," said Harry.
"We will go and lunch," he said.
"We will proceed with the hearing on Wednesday fortnight," says the Chancellor.
"We will take a cab," she said: "it will save time."
"Well, Bertie, dear," she said, "here we all are."
"Well, Gussie," I said.
"Well, I'll tell you what I think," said the little man.
"Well, I'm glad you're feeling braced," I said.
"Well, Jeeves," I said, "it was certainly one of those afternoons."
"Well, if you say so," said Gussie doubtfully.
"Well, we will call her Adele," he said impatiently.
"What I think is this," he cried, flinging himself back.
"What have I to say?" he grumbled in a husky voice.
"What is the matter?" said Mr. Ricardo superbly.
"What the devil," he asked, "are you talking about?"
"Whatever you do, do not frighten her," he repeated.
"When it's ready, my dear," he replied.
"Who can read the heart?" "You can," returned Richard.
"Why, I must get a lodging of some sort," said Richard, pondering.
"Why, it's true," returns one of the policemen.
"Why, my dear," said I, "what beautiful flowers!"
"Why, my dear," she answered promptly, "of course it would!"
"Why, no, my dear," he replied.
"Why, not quite, my dear," said Mrs. Jellyby in the calmest manner.
"Why, of course I am," said Richard, astonished at my simplicity.
"With pleasure," she answered, and brought a towel at once.
"Yes", said Hanaud, with a malicious smile.
"Yes", she said, with a pleased smile.
"Yes, Charley," said I, quietly putting up my hair.
"Yes, Charley," said Tom, "almost quite bright."
"Yes, I have heard of him," said Ada.
"Yes, I see that," he said dryly.
"Yes, and at once," cried Wethermill.
"Yes, indeed," repeats Sir Leicester.
"Yes, madame," answered the maid.
"Yes, monsieur," said Helene, recovering herself.
"Yes, of course," replied Oz.
"Yes, sir," she says, "really and truly."
"Yes, that is true," was the reply.
"Yes, that is very important," he said awkwardly.
"Yes, there are differences," he said.
"Yes, we happened to meet oftener," he returned.
"Yes, yes" - the words came now firm and clear.
"Yes, yes, you are tired," said he.
"Yes, yes," he said, in a soothing voice.
"Yes, you must not neglect that clue," he said.
"Yes, you," he said, turning round.
"Yes," he exclaimed, "what have you done?"
"Yes," he said pleasantly.
"Yes," he said, nodding his approval.
"Yes," he said; "so I thought you would decide."
"Yes," he snarled, "my wife's deaf."
"Yes," said Harry sullenly.
"Yes," said Mr. Ricardo eagerly.
"Yes," said the manager.
"Yes," said the old man abstractedly.
"Yes," says Mr. Tulkinghorn, coolly getting up and standing on the hearth.
"Yes," she said, nodding thoughtfully, "you're quite right."
"Yes; come to my hotel," said Harry.
"Yesterday evening's paper," he corrected.
"Yet the gravel was wet," he said, shaking his head.
"Yet there is perhaps, another explanation," he continued.
"Yonder, among the oak trees," said the tiger, pointing with his fore-foot.
"You are a jewel of a woman," said he.
"You are a vixen, a vixen!" she repeats with fierce disdain.
"You are better, mademoiselle," he said politely.
"You are out early, ma'am," said I as she curtsied to me.
"You are unusual," replied Glinda.
"You can trust her," she said in a trembling voice.
"You do," she said very shortly.
"You have been a soldier," observes Sir Leicester, "and a faithful one."
"You have found me out!" he cried, in mock alarm.
"You have plenty of courage, I am sure," answered Oz.
"You have won, monsieur," he said.
"You know I don't," said I.
"You may bring the letters," she says, "if you choose."
"You must come too," she said stubbornly.
"You must have a lawyer," pursued my guardian.
"You must have been thinking again," remarked the Tin Woodman.
"You needn't make a merit of that," said she.
"You promised you would blindfold the girl," he cried hoarsely.
"You reached your hotel at ten," he repeated.
"You romantic child," said she, lightly patting the girl's back.
"You said about ten," Tony repeats.
"You see, we shall find out nothing — nothing," said Harry, with a groan.
"You think I have begun ill, sir," retorted Richard.
"You will excuse my having mentioned my daughters," he said.
"You will not, mademoiselle," he said.
"You will, perhaps, meet me tomorrow in Geneva," she said.
"Your Silver Shoes will carry you over the desert," replied Glinda.
"Your servant, sir," says Mr. George with a military salute.
'Bertie — let me go!' 'But I haven't got hold of you.'
'Can't you guess?' 'I'm dashed if I can.'
'Counsel’s Office,’ replied the executor in a whisper.
'Crawling out' is entirely the wrong way to put it.
'Defeatist' sums it up to a nicety.
'Do you hear?’ she continued.
'Don't do it!' she exclaimed, quivering in every limb.
'He did not check up' I said, champing contentedly.
'He is dead, sir.' 'Thank heaven for that.'
'I am not accustomed to talk rot,' he said.
'It's amazing' she said, drinking me in once more.
'Let me in, blast you!' responded Tuppy's voice from without.
'My darling,' he will say tenderly, 'is there anything I can do?'
'Right ho, Jeeves.' 'Very good, sir.'
'Seen Jeeves anywhere?' I asked, eventually coming through.
'Then, for a beginner,' I said, 'you do it dashed well.'
'There was much laughter.' 'There was, eh?'
'Was Tuppy after you?' I asked sympathetically.
'Well, why not?' said Aunt Dahlia.
'What's he doing here?' asked Gussie suspiciously.
'Why, yes, Tom, darling,' you will reply.
A Bank Holiday in Britain is like a public holiday in America
A Cancer tumor can be characterized as a benign or malignant growth.
A Christmas Carol.
A Counter-factual is something that would have happened if something else had happened.
A Dove is a type of bird.
A Field Programming Gate Array is a processor designed for machine learning.
A Man o’ War is an archaic ship of war.
A Merry Christmas to all!
A Neonatal Intensive Care Unit Incubator helps weak babies grow.
A Pulmonary Embolism is dangerous.
A Stanley knife is a popular British utility knife
A Tensor Processing Unit is optimized for machine learning algorithms.
A baby incubator helps premature babies grow.
A bad bruise, and the skin sadly broken.
A balcony ran along outside.
A ballpoint pen is sometimes called a Biro, after its Hungarian inventor
A barrister is a type of lawyer, particularly one who argues cases in court
A beautiful world, full of happiness on every side.
A bee buzzed around and landed on his nose.
A being must be intelligent, to replicate human intelligence.
A big canvas tent was the first thing to come within his vision.
A bird of the air?
A bird twittered, but not so much as a chirp escaped Bertram.
A bit above par at the moment, as it were?
A bit un-English, old man, you must admit.
A black asphalt surface absorbs heat and results in cities being hotter.
A blood clot is dangerous to humans.
A born distributor, who will do you credit.
A boy is born in Bethlehem.
A brain stroke can have devastating life changing consequences.
A breakfast-stall at a street-corner suggests the first thing to be done.
A breeze block is made from a type of concrete.
A brickmaker's wife, Charley?
A bridge crosses a ravine high up amongst the mountains.
A building society provides mortgages, loans and other financial services
A bullet train is also known as a maglev.
A bunch of teenagers broke into the excavator last night and trashed the place.
A burst of laughter was his reward.
A bush chief had died a natural death.
A cafetiere is a very convenient device for making coffee
A car becomes twisted and mangled in a high speed crash.
A car has windows, lights, wheels... et cetera.
A car hire centre is a good place to rent a car
A car must be regularly serviced.
A car should be checked annually to certify it is safe to drive.
A catalytic converter stops dangerous gases being pumped into the atmosphere.
A catapult is not as dangerous as a crossbow
A cavity had formed in his tooth, a filling was needed.
A change came in a few months, but a disastrous change.
A chartered accountant is authorised to certify financial statements
A chill struck through her.
A chocolate wrapper keeps sweets fresh.
A class action was brought against the company.
A clear ten thousand per annum.
A club acquaintance, and a mere one at that.
A code of ethics should be agreed upon.
A cold collation has been set out in the dining-room.
A cold drought was felt in the room.
A combination of Canadian capital quickly organized and petitioned for the same privileges.
A combine harvester is a dream come true for farmers.
A commode is a movable toilet that is useful for the elderly.
A company that spends more than it potentially earns faces diminishing returns.
A connected city will gather data on public utilities and enhance efficiency.
A crate must be safely secured to avoid damage during transport.
A crotchet, pronounced with the t, is equivalent to a quarter note
A cry of joy burst from Philip's lips.
A cyst had formed.
A dark flush overspread his face.
A day or two, and you will be yourself again.
A dead man is of no use on a plantation.
A dense justice in a corner is beguiled into a wink.
A deposit of four hundred pounds is deductible from the final fee.
A detective knows how to connect the dots.
A diaper or nappy is an absorbent undergarment for babies
A different thing from boasting of one's triumphs on the wheel.
A dish cloth absorbs liquids well.
A disturbing picture, you will admit.
A dread and faintness fell upon me, and I called to Charley.
A dye is used to highlight blockages within the arteries.
A faint colour came into the maid's face.
A fair bit of road, Turnbull, and not badly engineered.
A fairy must have been crying.
A fake website or email is known as a spoof or phish attempt.
A feeling of remorse seized hold of him.
A few feet away a man, a thief, was peering in.
A few people stopped and watched her curiously, and went on again.
A fine night, and a bright large moon, and multitudes of stars.
A fish of the sea or river?
A flash in the pan or a shot?
A flash mob came to our town today.
A flying arrow passed between us.
A footballer is someone who plays Association Football, or soccer
A former mayor is giving a speech on Friday.
A fortnight is a period of fourteen days and nights
A fresh wind had risen, and the occupant wanted to light a cigarette.
A fugitive from justice, eh?
A gentleman and a stranger!
A giddy lot Scudder’s friends cared for peace and reform.
A girl always knows.
A glance told me that we were playing to capacity.
A good conscience means better sleep.
A good landing is any landing you walk away from.
A good riddance to me, whether as clerk or client!
A good spy is trained to have a photographic memory.
A good tone, mind you!
A good way of demonstrating an analogy is through a story.
A great landing is one where the aircraft is reusable.
A great weight seemed to have rolled off my mind.
A greengrocer specialises in selling fruit and vegetables
A gritting lorry is used to grit the roads when frost is expected overnight
A grubby little brute he was, I recollect.
A gun is fired close by.
A gymnast moves around flexibly.
A half a case of tobacco was worth three pounds.
A hallmark of talented engineers is their attitude to learning things out of curiosity.
A healthy work life balance makes you more productive.
A highway is commonly referred to as motorway in England.
A horde of angry toddlers is the scariest thing I can imagine.
A house is built one block at a time.
A human life is a human life, what?
A human worker augmented with Artificial Intelligence can outperform a machine.
A humanitarian espouses love for humanity.
A hundred miles away.
A hurricane is also known as a twister in some countries.
A jingle of keys followed.
A key competency of this role is communicating with customers.
A kind of angry smile just dawns upon her face.
A kitchen feels empty without any appliances.
A ladybird is a type of red and black flying insect
A ladybird is sometimes known as a ladybug
A lament and a celebration.
A large chunk of my wage is spent on fuel.
A laudable sentiment.
A lean startup has the capability of taking on large experienced brands.
A liberal tumblerful, sir.
A library is more than just a room full of books
A light broke over his face.
A light burned in the hall.
A light shone in upon me all at once.
A light-coloured dress was lying at the bottom.
A likely story!
A lion is a predatory animal.
A little before dawn of the day following, the fire relief came.
A little bread, a little water.
A little bright-eyed terrier, you know, with oh, such long curly brown hair!
A little colour returned to her cheeks.
A little soft about a mile off, and the edges want cleaning.
A little treatment, massage, with some help from the doctor.
A living will, leaves little room for dispute.
A lot of our history has not survived.
A lovely morning, is it not?
A low exclamation from Hanaud interrupted the words.
A machine learning model will need to be retrained to avoid decay.
A maddening joy pounded in his brain.
A marked improvement.
A masterly pie, Bertie, and it wasn't more than half finished.
A meal presented well is most memorable.
A mere habit in me.
A mere ordinary tribute of respect to a great artist.
A message delivered with great skill.
A military man, my dear.
A mimim is a musical term corresponding to a half note
A minim is a musical term corresponding to a half note
A minim is a musical term corresponding to a half note.
A minute more and we are there.
A moment before he was intoxicated by a joy that was almost madness.
A month in Australia would finish me.
A month passed by, and Bonanza Creek remained quiet.
A motor-boat nips on ahead, trailing a rope.
A movement even was enough.
A necklace — a good one — some good rings, and bracelets.
A needle and thread we don't know how to use.
A nephew's love made me overlook the slur.
A neurotic girl, sir, I agree.
A new Chief Justice will need to be appointed.
A new intern will be joining us on Monday.
A new preacher and a new doctrine come to Jerusalem.
A nine-mile ride, and another nine-mile ride back.
A number of the people who took part could easily point to the problem
A panel of light shone upon the wall a few paces ahead.
A paraffin lamp is very useful if you're intending to go camping
A parent is a nurturer of positive energy.
A patent attorney is a type of lawyer specialising in intellectual property
A patent attorney is a type of lawyer who specialises in patent law
A person is innocent unless they are proven guilty.
A person is never known till a person is proved.
A person who listens before he speaks, makes them wise.
A person who lives to one hundred is called a centenary or centennial.
A piano, one fiddle, and a floor like sandpaper.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
A police officer will not abandon his responsibilities to protect and serve.
A power user is well versed in using a system.
A prenuptial agreement was signed.
A priest and nun walked past us earlier.
A professional babysitter is often known as a childminder
A question or two would put them on the track.
A quick, feverish whisper was heard.
A rallying cry against shortsighted governments.
A rapper creates rap music.
A re-tweet does not equals endorsement.
A respectable English country house or a crimson dancing school?
A rising tide of fat had submerged them.
A sailing boat is much more challenging than a rowing boat
A scarlet loincloth completed his costume.
A school environment is conducive to learning.
A second and more penetrating glance and I had assembled the facts.
A semibrieve is a musical note having a duration equivalent to a whole note
A shadow was creeping over Pierre's eyes.
A sinewy hand, dripping with water, was clutching the rail.
A single man of large fortune; four or five thousand a year.
A skipping rope is a very popular toy
A slight flush mantled the cheek, and the eyes popped a bit.
A smart car should send out an automatic distress call after a car accident.
A smile flickered over his drawn face.
A solar flare is due within the hour.
A sort of spasm of horror and apprehension contorted her face.
A spec of dust went in my eye.
A staring baronet, with a truncheon, gets a dimple in his chin.
A startled exclamation burst from Ricardo.
A statement of intent should be clear and unambiguous.
A steak-and-kidney pie.
A stent was fitted to open up the blockages.
A storm in a teacup
A strange fire burned in his eyes when Thorpe turned.
A strange thing then happened.
A string across a cupboard!
A strong light beat out through the widening gap upon his face.
A sudden "What ho!" from my rear caused me to turn.
A sudden bright light shone upon me.
A swarm of insects surround it.
A sweater is known as a jumper in England.
A thing begun is half done.
A thing to jar the most phlegmatic.
A thistle may be pretty but will prick you if you get too close.
A thousand thanks for the permission.
A threatening, murderous, dangerous fellow.
A three-piece suit consists of jacket, waistcoat and trousers
A time before recorded history.
A tiny gnome suddenly appeared.
A touch of salmon? With a suspicion of salad?
A trickle of fresh blood ran over his face.
A truck is known as a lorry in England.
A twiglet is a small twig.
A two story dwelling, on a brick foundation.
A valance is the same thing as a pelmet
A valuable necklace, from the description in the list and some rings.
A very charming and beautiful girl.
A very good school it is, and handsomely supported by this family.
A very great shock.
A very matey scheme.
A very neat way of putting it.
A very valuable person, and deservedly respected.
A voice of despair rang through the room.
A voice spoke — a man's voice.
A watchman tumbled over me.
A whisky and soda, eh?
A white asphalt surface creates less greenhouse gases.
A white blood cell helps the body heal and fight diseases.
A wildly exciting time was his during the week preceding Thursday the eighteenth.
A windscreen is easily chipped, but can be repaired if it's small.
A woman laughed, and again it was Helene.
A woman with red hair!
A woman, for instance, with red hair.
A word from the lawyer is so powerful.
A word in earnest is as good as a speech.
A work in which copyright has expired is in the public domain
A wretched evening is beginning to close in.
A yard from the reeds just above that stick.
A young and active girl of about her height, and wearing new shoes.
A zimmer-frame can help support elderly people walk.
Abdul is a hard working entrepreneur from a humble background.
Abide with me.
About eight next morning I witnessed the arrival of two constables and a sergeant.
About half-way through, faint signs of life had begun to show.
About him, everywhere, were the evidences of luxury and of age.
About one in the morning the coastguard man arrived.
About six, she estimated.
Abraham is a prophet of the Jewish, Christian and Islamic faiths.
Absolutely as arranged.
Absolutely loved the Morris dancers!
Absolutely noiseless, as usual.
Absolutely not in it at all.
Academic journals are more publicly accessible if they are published open access.
Academic research requires less anecdotal viewpoints and more facts.
Academics wish for their work to be recognized and attributed.
Accept a father's blessing, and with it, this.
Accept, I beg you, my most distinguished salutations.
Accessibility technology benefits healthy people, where we are temporarily disabled.
According to him, no.
According to the label, Heinz has fifty-seven varieties
According to the nursery rhyme, Thursday's Child has far to go
According to the poet, April is the cruellest month
According to the timetable, the group leaders had programmed a very full day.
Accountability must be baked into the design of automated systems.
Accountancy is the name of the profession for accountants
Across the meadow.
Across the pond.
Actually, I don't enjoy cooking.
Ada has been in such distress, and is so very sorry.
Ada only dropped her head and pressed me closer to her heart.
Ada said it to me, but I had not spoken.
Ada said no, too, and looked uneasy.
Ada sat at the piano; Richard stood beside her, bending down.
Ada, my love, Esther, my dear, you are welcome.
Ada, why should you not speak to us!
Add fairy-princess gag.
Add four grams of butter to the self raising flour.
Add some Cilantro.
Add some coriander.
Addiction to cigarettes can be beaten with help.
Additionally you will need to spend one hour per day revising these topics.
Adele closed the door again, but she did not bolt it.
Adele drew a breath of relief.
Adele followed and took her seat opposite the girl.
Adele had done her work well and thoroughly.
Adele had peeped from time to time under the blind.
Adele helped Celia to her feet.
Adele kneeled on the floor behind her.
Adele looked at him inquiringly.
Adele looked fiercely up into the girl's face.
Adele looked the girl over and nodded her head with satisfaction.
Adele looked up at Celia, and laughed maliciously.
Adele peered out of the carriage.
Adele quickly set the room in order.
Adele quietly unclasped them and placed them palm to palm.
Adele stooped and obeyed.
Adele turned to Celia.
Adele was intent upon making her knots secure.
Adele was watching her with a satiric smile.
Adele whispered to her: "Has the girl a lover?"
Adele's voice came to her ears, speaking — and speaking with remorse.
Adolescence is a period teenagers transition into adulthood.
Adrian knows how to drive.
Adriana spoke Portuguese fluently.
Adults often reminisce about their teenage years.
Adversarial machine learning algorithms compete against each other to improve themselves.
Advertise with us!
Aeon's passed, much knowledge was lost.
Aerosol sprays have harmful gases for the atmosphere.
Aerospace engineering enables safer flights for all of us.
After a cool April this year, May turned out to be surprisingly warm
After a couple of hours I began to think of food.
After a heavy night, she slept in.
After a history of a declining economy we are seeing growth.
After a lifetime of walking on the land, our final destination is underneath it.
After a long day at work, we need to live a little.
After a long day out, they went home.
After a long time, I looked towards her again.
After a pause, Alice began, ‘Well!’
After a silence he is asked, "In which room?"
After a time the ladder was finished.
After a trial-and-error experimentation, he derived the perfect solution.
After all she speaks!
After all superfluous flesh is gone what is left is stringy and resistant.
After all, it was simply a mistake in judgment.
After all, life is not so easy.
After all, the picture was only a resemblance.
After buying those shoes I ended up with an overdraft
After careful consideration I have decided to give you the managerial role.
After careful deliberation, the office will be moved closer to the University.
After considering, he referred the point to his wife.
After each of these interrogatories, she inclined her head.
After enjoying the movie, he read the book.
After exploring the world I see things differently.
After feeding the pigs, she has to feed the chickens.
After graduating from college, she became a world champion.
After he was ripped off, he demanded a refund.
After her knee operation, she needed physiotherapy
After his retirement, Poirot grew vegetable marrows.
After last night, I thought I could.
After many years of failed promises, investors began to feel disillusionment.
After much hardship, the asylum seekers were granted refugee status.
After pilates, I’m off to get some cake.
After sleep mode, my laptop won't awaken.
After some minutes he makes an attempt to rise.
After that I did not look back; I had no time.
After that I sat down to think.
After that I took a taxi and drove miles away up into North London.
After that for a minute there was utter silence.
After that we can discuss plans and schemes.
After the accident, they took his driving license away.
After the alley, turn right.
After this, Alice was silent for a minute or two, pondering.
After three years at boarding school I became homesick.
After wakening, he rose early.
After watching the film, he decided to read the book.
After we slept.
After which the six-footer comes into action and is much admired.
After years of being childless, they conceived a baby girl.
Afterwards I found out how it managed it.
Again I had to describe every detail of his appearance.
Again I say there is something here which I do not understand.
Again he had done the big thing.
Again it is conjecture, and I wish to make sure.
Again the disappointment overspread his face.
Again the girls applauded, and Mrs Hall cried.
Again the sleek one spoke in German.
Again there was silence;
Age infantilizes us.
Age or change should never wither it.
Ages have passed since we were in the habit of meeting.
Agile developers have mastered the art of building a minimum viable product.
Agility is an important attribute of cats.
Aging is natural, but how we age depends on how we treat ourselves.
Agitation never accomplished anything.
Ah, I had forgotten, he exclaimed.
Ah, but I'm not going to do it.
Ah, cousin, cousin, it's a weary word this Chancery!
Ah, indeed.
Ah, it is growing dark and darker.
Ah, it was sweet in my ears.
Ah, my God, you are an unhappy idiot!
Ah, the other woman!
Ah, there you have me.
Ah, we were very close together in that moment.
Ah, you shall believe tonight in those wonderful things!
Ah, you've noticed it, have you?
Ahead of them they saw a glimmer of sunshine.
Ahmed was never dishonest.
Ain't it a pity?
Ain't that a funny name?
Air pollution can aggravate conditions like Asthma.
Airing yourself, as I am, before you go to bed?
Alas, cultural differences meant they could not be together.
Alec acknowledges that he is a complete nerd.
Alex spends a lot of time at the British Library, looking through the catalogue.
Algebra is a foundation of Machine Learning.
Algorithm usage in the public sector.
Algorithmic accountability is a topic to be addressed in two thousand and nineteen.
Algorithms feed us news and media it thinks we will read.
Algorithms will allow doctors to focus on caring for their patients.
Ali was wearing a bow tie.
Alice almost stamped with irritation at the slow drawl in which he spoke.
Alice and Bob were most hospitable
Alice could only look puzzled: she was thinking of the pudding.
Alice couldn’t say honestly that he was.
Alice did so.
Alice didn’t want to begin another argument, so she said nothing.
Alice felt dreadfully puzzled.
Alice felt even more indignant at this suggestion.
Alice felt there was no denying that.
Alice flagged the emails she wanted to come back to later
Alice gave a little scream of laughter.
Alice in Wonderland is a well-known book for children by Lewis Carroll
Alice led the way, and the whole party swam to the shore.
Alice looked all round the table, but there was nothing on it but tea.
Alice looked at it with great curiosity.
Alice looked from one to the other in some bewilderment.
Alice ran a little way into the wood, and stopped under a large tree.
Alice ran to the side of the ditch to look for him.
Alice rubbed her eyes, and looked again.
Alice shook her head.
Alice sighed wearily.
Alice thought she saw a way out of the difficulty this time.
Alice took a piece to taste, but it was very dry.
Alice turned round, ready to find fault with anybody.
Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded.
Alice was glad to see that it revived him a good deal.
Alice was silent.
Alice was sorry for this, as she wanted to hear the news too.
Alice was thoroughly puzzled.
Alice went timidly up to the door, and knocked.
Alice—Alice—I won’t forget it again.
Alkaline batteries are recyclable.
All Celia's heart and youth rose in revolt against her extremity.
All an appearance can know is mirage.
All bets are off folks.
All bright with love of you, my boy.
All done in a couple of minutes.
All eyes, however, were staring at him in certitude of expectancy.
All good things come to an end.
All he asked of society was to let him live.
All her body shook with her sobbing.
All her movements were spasmodic; she was on the verge of hysteria.
All his children have tumbled up somehow or other.
All his levity had gone in an instant from his manner.
All in due time.
All job applications must be accompanied by a curriculum vitae
All machine learning algorithms should comply with international human rights regulations.
All mathematicians know that Pi is approximately three point one four
All nature, as I have indicated, was smiling.
All of which is very true, my dear, but is no justification.
All of which we wondered about, over and over again.
All operations have been carried on from Montreal and Toronto.
All over the place.
All parents are expected to come to the school sports day
All right, Sir, replied Jock with great regret.
All right, get on with it.
All right, then.
All submitted assignments will be checked for for plagiarism.
All systems are online.
All that long blistering afternoon I lay baking on the rooftop.
All the artist in him rose joyfully to the occasion.
All the best
All the best.
All the children wanted to stroke the silky pink unicorn
All the juniors were summoned.
All the limelight was to be his.
All the party looked out across the moor where the white road departed.
All the same I was not comfortable.
All the same, your methods are a bit rough, Jeeves.
All the three of them were shaken.
All the while my restlessness was growing worse.
All the while, the attorney's official cat watches the mouse-hole.
All things bright and beautiful.
All things considered, I had better decline answering that question.
All this day Gregson remained in the cabin.
All this talk is making me hungry, shall we go out for lunch?
All this time her eyes never once release him.
All this took place in the hall.
All this was new stuff to me.
All those against, say Nay.
All those in favour, say Aye.
All thought of failure, of exposure, of dismissal had fled from her.
All together now.
All transactions have been accounted for.
All waited intently for her answer.
All we wish is that the murderers should be discovered.
All you need is confidence in yourself.
All you’ve got to do is to stay here till I come back.
All, as you see, sir, is now well.
All, if I may say so, is forgiven, sir.
Allan Woodcourt lays his hand upon his pulse and on his chest.
Allan is a dear fellow, and in his profession faultless.
Allan is quite sure of it.
Allan looks about for an apothecary's shop.
Allan naturally asks what kind of man he is.
Allan restrains the woman, merely by a quiet gesture, but effectually.
Allow me to catch you round the neck.
Almost as celebrated as myself!
Almost immediately afterwards, however, its manner became markedly feverish.
Already he had begun borrowing from the banks.
Already he had sidled some six feet.
Already you knew of her guilt?
Also a fellow Senator, Chauncey Depew, said.
Also it took a load off my mind.
Also my shoulder was in a bad way.
Also the plus fours and the Old Etonian spats.
Also when we met last year, I forgot to return your pen.
Also your uncle.
Also, I want information.
Also, at regular intervals, he would mutter.
Also, churches and preachers I had never known.
Also, she has forbidden them smoking their pipes in the after-room.
Also, she wouldn't walk.
Also, there was awe in their faces.
Although she didn't have much skill, she was determined to learn the violin.
Although she taught English, she had no idea how to spell desiccated.
Although the main road is closed, it will be business as usual.
Although we provide advice on the topic, we have no affiliation with the company.
Altogether I fancy I was rather a success.
Altogether I was no spectacle for God-fearing citizens to see on a highroad.
Always keep household detergents out of children's reach.
Always lay the blame on others!’
Always put your best foot forward.
Always read the abstract of a research paper first.
Always working, Aunt Dahlia, always working.
Alzheimer's Research is a United Kingdom charity.
Alzheimer's is a disease of the elderly.
Alzheimer's is a disease that can be treated if detected early.
Alzheimer’s disease can be treated if detected early.
Alzheimer’s disease is usually experienced by the elderly.
Am I eligible for a buy to let mortgage?
Am I loud enough, or do I need a loudhailer?
Am I really wonderful? asked the Scarecrow.
Am I the only one that finds canned laughter unfunny?
Am I to call in any assistance, or is the trick finished?
Am I to read it now?
Am feeling delicate today.
Am feeling freezing cold and achy.
Amazing Grace.
Ambient sounds make relaxing environments.
Amen to that.
American estrogen is British oestrogen.
Americans say aluminum, Brits aluminium
Americans say gasoline and the British say petrol.
Among civilians I am what they call a ne'er-do-well.
Among my minor afflictions, I may mention a new and mysterious one.
An Angiogram determined the patient needed two stents to be fitted.
An Imam leads a congregation during prayer in a mosque.
An L-G-V is a light goods vehicle.
An abominable restlessness had taken possession of me.
An adult has the freedom to travel around.
An aerofoil provides lift
An alias is useful for maintaining privacy online.
An almost imperceptible nod from Helene, moreover, assured her.
An altruistic act is an act performed for the welfare of others.
An anaconda is the largest type of snake in the world.
An apple a day, keeps the doctor away.
An apple a day, will keep the doctor away.
An articulated lorry is capped at sixty miles-per-hour.
An assembly of people gathered outside to meet the celebrities.
An aubergine is exactly the same thing as an eggplant
An eerie stillness seemed to envelop the room like a linseed poultice.
An electric launch was waiting.
An electrician knows how to solder.
An error has been encountered.
An essential element in criminal culpability is mens rea.
An exclamation at the end of a sentence can express excitement or alarm.
An exo-skeleton enables paralyzed people to regain mobility.
An ice skate blade is sharp.
An idiom describes something figuratively.
An improvement in commerce can help a community flourish.
An inherent trait is that is heavy.
An innocent person has the right to refute.
An intentional blank page is placed between pages.
An interesting article about a dyslexic photographer.
An intermediary will be present to translate the conversation.
An invisible pink unicorn.
An occasion of feasting and festival.
An official statement was released yesterday.
An old bicycle was found in a tool-shed and handed over to me.
An open platform for discussion enables wider perspectives to influence decisions better.
An ounce of protection is worth a pound of cure.
An uncomfortable sort of age.
An unidentified error was encountered.
An untreated condition could become chronic.
An unusual sensation on the opposite side of my stomach.
Analysts are seeing fragmentation in the market.
Ancient civilisations could be very sophisticated
And Adele ran from the room.
And Angela was there?
And Celia, lifting her head, said in a whisper: "Water!"
And Hanaud laughed outright, and in a moment Celia smiled herself.
And Harry jammed down the lever.
And Harry must listen to it.
And Helene answered him again enigmatically.
And Helene replied: "That one."
And Helene, even at that moment, laughed quietly.
And I added of my plenty about the same amount.
And I am very well indeed, and very happy.
And I continued to do so.
And I did not wish to quarrel with her.
And I do not wonder.
And I do so wish it was true!
And I don't blame you.
And I emitted a hard laugh — one of the sneering kind.
And I found it an interesting question.
And I have a liking for rust and must and cobwebs.
And I have her right hand.
And I have so many old parchments and papers in my stock.
And I haven’t sent the two messengers, either.
And I hope you've got plenty of chain out, Captain Young.
And I know brickmakers go about working at piecework in different places.
And I left before the finish.
And I made him my curtsy and left him.
And I meant it to sting.
And I must admit I rather agreed with her.
And I never saw him!
And I ran out into the garden, very unhappy.
And I said again, "I can't help it, Charley."
And I saw that he was very sorry for me.
And I saw them end.
And I should get cold feet if I tried again.
And I too, a little while ago.
And I understand she leads him a terrible life.
And I waited seven more days, and he never said a word.
And I was very lonely — my life had been so different.
And I will tell you more.
And I wish I'd never met one.
And I'll tell you why that will be the best plan.
And I’ll tell you a secret—I can read words of one letter!
And Jo stands shivering and looking at the breakfast wonderingly.
And MacDougall was beyond the trail, with three weeks to spare.
And Mr. Ricardo ticked off his third point.
And Raoul listened again to the tale of the house.
And Tom King patiently endured.
And a long time afterwards she brought her another supply.
And a nice brother he is — half-brother I mean to say.
And a second afterwards, a tiny bright light shone.
And actually here’s a little brook!
And after the bath a shave would not be bad.
And again I was troubled — greatly troubled.
And again her strange smile illuminated her face.
And again the appeal sounded rather piteously.
And all that stuff about having no soul.
And all the time her strange uneasiness grew.
And all through a foolish misunderstanding about a shark.
And all's fish that comes to my net.
And are you proposing to continue your stroll?
And as in denial of guilt, the one-legged boy replied.
And as never before, he was ready to obey.
And as the reflection darted across my mind I saw a slender chance.
And as we hurried up town, Joe Goose explained.
And at dinner you will push, as arranged?
And at once Celia became uneasy.
And at the same time I could save her from being plundered.
And at this moment a ringing "Hoy!"
And at this moment in she came.
And back to Kansas? she asked, eagerly.
And can all the flowers talk?
And closing his eyes, he began trying to cross his legs again.
And couldn't the sergeant see that my door was locked?
And curtsey while you’re thinking what to—what to purr.
And do you always lock the babies up when you go out?
And do you know why he tried to dissuade me?
And do you live alone here with these babies, Charley?
And do you often go out?
And do you think Mr. Woodcourt will make another voyage?
And don't you occupy yourself at all?
And don’t keep your mouth so wide open!
And don’t remind me of your existence again.
And each year something happened, and I did not go.
And enough to make it.
And even as she spoke her voice rang shrill and irritable up the stairs.
And even if they don't — Bertie, shall I tell you something?
And even now, with this case, I hesitate.
And even then she was dazed.
And every one will think that Celia helped to murder and rob her benefactress.
And give her the works.
And hast thou slain the Jabberwock?
And have the children looked after themselves at all, sir?
And he did hurt my arm.
And he flung up his hands.
And he had not come disguised.
And he had shown himself a fool.
And he has done nothing to embarrass us.
And he is very great this day.
And he moved towards the staircase.
And he opened his hand.
And he opened the door.
And he passed on without another question or remark.
And he raised no hand to set her free.
And he replaced the glass in his pocket.
And he spread out his hands with an impulsive gesture of despair.
And he thought of Oona, and of her words.
And he touched the tins.
And he turned and walked by Helene's side.
And he walked away.
And he was at pains to write it out.
And he was filled with a strange and foreboding fear.
And he was too far gone to be helped out of that.
And he will come back enlightened.
And he'll be in the same scrape again next week!
And he's just the same today.
And her voice sank into a solemn whisper, pathetically ludicrous.
And her voice was feverish.
And here's another idea.
And here, she is seized with an inspiration.
And his eyes had been horribly intelligent.
And his father is dependent on him in the Vale of Taunton.
And his sisters are charming women.
And how about this pessimism we hear of?
And how can I pay?
And how did he react to that?
And how did you like Mrs. Jellyby, my dear?
And how did you like the ride?
And how did you reassure him?
And how do you come to be the messenger?
And how do you find yourself, my poor lad?
And how do you get on, Richard?
And how do you live, Charley?
And how fast it comes!
And how have I destroyed it?
And how is your mama?
And how long did this nuisance continue?
And how odd the directions will look!
And how quiet the horses are!
And how would we ever find ourselves.
And if anything happens while we dine?
And if that were true — why, there were my sofa cushions partly explained.
And if they are, it's worth nothing to me.
And in a second he was back at the window.
And in his mind he added: "God forgive me for the lie."
And in the darkness his voice came querulously between long breaths.
And in the fullness of that knowledge a great fear assailed her.
And indeed he has no such wish at present.
And it had taken so long — so terribly long!
And it is a good likeness?
And it might lead to mistaken notions, you see.
And it really was a kitten, after all.
And it was as I had suspected.
And it's no good looking like that.
And it's still at it.
And mind you tell us the truth here, whatever you do, Jo.
And my mind requires to be so very clear, you know!
And no doubt he will.
And no wonder in this evil place.
And not upon my words.
And not you, I swear!
And nothing was wrung from her.
And now I don't so much care how it ends.
And now I will ask you a question in return.
And now behold the perversity of things.
And now he too could look in.
And now help me on.
And now here is a minor point.
And now it's nearly dinner-time, you say?
And now put yourself in my place for a moment.
And now she lies in her room murdered!
And now she lies murdered for a reward!
And now she was sure that Adele was the name used.
And now you stammer out those halting words.
And now you’d better go!
And now, Bertie, like a good chap, shove off.
And now, down there, Eileen was waiting for him.
And now, who am I?
And oh, I wish you could see her after the birds!
And one, I tell you, is coming now.
And only one for birthday presents, you know.
And pray has he done so?
And really, for so smart a young lady, you look too ridiculous.
And right there I saw and knew it all.
And said he played the fife.
And she caught her breath and whimpered.
And she could not.
And she had not told Harry!
And she handed the paper back.
And she has been very kind to me.
And she hung it on a nail in the kitchen.
And she kept her word?
And she laid the keys upon the dressing-table or the mantel-shelf.
And she moved towards the stairs.
And she named a small cafe in a back street.
And she passed on, leaving Harry rooted to the ground.
And she really never heard of the cause!
And she tied the girl's thumbs and little fingers.
And she was getting medicine for him?
And she was never caught out!
And she’s such a capital one for catching mice you can’t think!
And so Esther, my dear, you are happy for life.
And so early in the voyage, too.
And so extremely accomplished for her age!
And so for a while we spoke of neutral topics.
And so it was arranged.
And so the seances went on.
And so the state of the car is explained.
And so we all moved to the village.
And so we danced an hour by the clock.
And so young a girl to be involved in it!
And still Celia slept.
And still there was the same shade between me and my darling.
And suddenly his face grew very stern.
And suddenly she smiled.
And suddenly, Mr. Ricardo began to reflect.
And thank you very much for asking,’ said Tweedledum.
And that afternoon he had to take them.
And that is not all.
And that was like me!
And that was the last of Francois and Perrault.
And that's how I know how.
And the Edinburgh Evening News says, with editorial gloom.
And the Eurasian Chinese-Englishman bowed himself away.
And the Queen seemed to guess her thoughts, for she cried, ‘Faster!’
And the agitated voice and words remained fixed in his memory.
And the air was growing chilly.
And the best of it was that they did not even know my name.
And the big Persian knew of his existence before he did of hers.
And the chef is staying on.
And the detective resumed at once his brisk voice and alert manner.
And the foundation stone of service, in his case, was obedience.
And the frock in which she went away was of green chiffon over satin.
And the letters are destroyed with the person?
And the night had fallen.
And the other thing is a mouse-trap.
And the question was her answer.
And the tears swam in her eyes.
And their chief virtue lies in that they will never wear out.
And then I found myself looking down the skylight.
And then I said my prayers and thought a little more.
And then I suddenly got it.
And then I think I became unconscious.
And then a thing incomprehensible to her happened.
And then he spoke again in French to Helene.
And then one was at school with the man.
And then she answered you, 'No, we have other plans.'
And then suddenly a sort of glow came into his face.
And then the real truth flashed in upon her blindingly.
And then there came a strange and human turn to the affair.
And then you go on about how twilight always makes you sad.
And then, steadily, he began to chew.
And there I see him waiting to be summoned.
And there is my slit in the sofa cushions.
And there is no way round.
And there was Ethel Baird, whom also you must remember.
And there was a dog that barked.
And there was science to an unlimited extent.
And there you are, my partner, eh?
And there you sit, I suppose, all the day long, eh?
And there's no chivalry, no quarter shown in this fight.
And there's not such another.
And they are very angry?
And they have shot him.
And they passed on.
And they used to dance like elves of delight.
And this belief grew and haunted him.
And this extraordinary man took up his pen again.
And this is brother, is it, my dears?
And this is not a conspiracy, perhaps?
And this is your establishment?
And this was their sole conversation throughout the meal.
And through and through the vorpal blade went snicker-snack!
And through the chinks in the curtain the bright light shone.
And to attend the court no more?
And to drink? Name the poison.
And to give no sign!
And to me that would mean so much.
And toddle off quite happily to find another.
And tomorrow night, they will come into my possession.
And twenty men could hold it with spears and arrows.
And upon that a worse thing befell her.
And upon that the voice ceased.
And very much indebted to you.
And very well indeed you are looking.
And watch out for wet feet, was his parting advice.
And we have hardly a five-franc piece in the house.
And we know that she was back at the villa soon after nine.
And we like 'em all the better for it, don't we?
And we shall find out where the rest is hid — from her.
And well you may.
And what I say unto you, I say unto all, Watch!
And what about my side of the thing?
And what are you crying for?
And what did she do with the keys?
And what do you call these, my darling?
And what do you intend to make of him, ma'am?
And what do you know?
And what do you suppose it's made of?
And what do you think about father?
And what else do we know?
And what is he to do then?
And what may be the ages of these two, ma'am?
And what of his daughters?
And what sort of young lady is she?
And what two reasons, Mr. George?
And what type of people come to practise at your gallery?
And what's wrong with the colour of my hair?
And whatever your labors and aspirations, in the noisy confusion of life
And when Emma's tired, he puts her to bed.
And when I got downstairs, oh, how I cried!
And when he's tired he goes to bed himself.
And when she smiled he explained.
And when the smell of hay was in the air!
And when you come back in a few days, bring Eileen.
And when — when did you first begin to suspect Harry?
And where are you going?
And where do we go next?
And where have my shoulders got to?
And where is my excellent friend?
And where's the tinker?
And wherever I ranged, the way lay along alcohol-drenched roads.
And whether or not it is clear to you
And who are you calling Richard Hannay?
And who have we got here tonight?
And why do I despise him?
And why not, boys and ladies and gentlemen?
And why should you take trouble?
And yesterday things went on just as usual.
And yet I thought so at the time!
And yet if she came he had no words to say.
And yet it is quite simple.
And yet not quite, as you shall hear.
And you always want to see it in the superlative degree.
And you are to go down at twelve?
And you are?
And you came away feeling that he needed a bracer?
And you can refuse, you mean, eh?
And you do so much, so unpretendingly!
And you don't think it's an answer, eh?
And you don't think the patient would object to him?
And you dynamited his hermitage, after he had saved you from the police.
And you had better have a couple of quick ones first.
And you have been very kind to me, Jeeves.
And you knew her young companion?
And you preferred a cannibal isle and a cartridge belt.
And you remember what an enormous dinner he had.
And you talk about boils!
And you, my friend, I should counsel you to get some sleep.
And your aunt.
And your papa; what did he say?
And you’d have deserved it, you little mischievous darling!
And you’ve been along with me, Kitty—all through the Looking-Glass world.
And — he must have the money.
And “twenty-one” where the cliffs grew lower.
And, as I spoke, Gussie came sidling out from behind a tree.
And, as he gazed, he closed his eyes and shivered.
And, as he got out unnoticed, so he could return.
And, as he stooped, his trousers split up the back.
And, by Jove, he was absolutely right.
And, in truth, she was not afraid of them.
And, mind this, one of the two women is guilty.
And, so far as they knew, they were quite right.
And, springing up, he arranged a chair for her.
And, what's more, you know it.
And, with a friendly nod, he left the room.
Andrew curled up in the box.
Andrew has not been frank about this.
Andrew resented the implication deeply.
Andrew told me that he disliked Marmite.
Android is the most used mobile operating system.
Angela and I made it up hours ago.
Angela might have been hewn from the living rock.
Angels from the realms of glory.
Anger, and fear, and shame.
Animals are losing their natural habitat due to deforestation.
Animation keeps children entertained for hours.
Anime is just as popular in the west, not only in Japan.
Aniseed balls are one of my favourite sweets
Another disappointment awaited him
Another man and two women come behind.
Another time, I'll tell you their names.
Another word for for hawthorn is may.
Another word for zucchini is courgette
Answerphone is a common British term for a telephone answering machine
Antarctica is cold at this time of year.
Anthony was in class seven Y.
Anti-biotics have saved countless lives since inception, resistance must be avoided.
Antibiotics help fight bacteria.
Anxious for her four thousand francs, she answers 'Yes.'
Any average young fellow can teach himself in a week.
Any particular reason, or just a whim?
Any relation of old Tommy of the Sixtieth?
Any sort, so long as it's strong.
Any tutting that's required, I'll attend to myself.
Any way out of that yard, now?
Anybody can see that he's absolutely impossible.
Anyhow there were trees there, and that meant cover.
Anyone for fruity chicken curry?
Anyone know Marjorie?
Anyone know how to make onion gravy?
Anyone who has just had a perm shouldn't get their hair wet.
Anything I can help you with?
Anything to vary this detestable monotony.
Anything unusual or abnormal was sufficient to send a fellow to Molokai.
Anyway, no one saw her like that.
Anyway, you stick to it that you were in love with her?
Apparently, he was an Indian freedom fighter.
Apparently, she finds ironing very relaxing.
Apple is an American company.
Apple, Google, Amazon and Facebook are often described as tech giants.
Apply for the new position that's opened up.
Apricot is healthy.
April is tax season in the United States.
Archivists have been arguing for copyright reform for years.
Are division and animosity your natural terms, Richard?
Are kids these days really awkward or is that just made up?
Are or are not our interests conflicting?
Are the main galleries any good?
Are the pictures all as they used to be?
Are the tyres inflated?
Are there any dedicated cycle tracks in your community?
Are there any externalities of building a house extension?
Are there any other lions in this forest?
Are there any shoes in the house which fit those marks?
Are these suggestions acceptable?
Are they selling faggots as well as sausages?
Are they to be shirt-makers, or governesses?
Are we all ready?
Are we building a generation of web addicts?
Are we collecting comprehensive user feedback?
Are we doing enough for sex workers?
Are we going to meet up at the weekend?
Are we going to tomorrow's recital at the town hall?
Are we heading to a future where a worker is merely a statistic?
Are you a beast of the field?
Are you a married man, sir?
Are you a pessimist, Bertie?
Are you able to accept Paypal?
Are you acquainted with my friends?
Are you an adult?
Are you arrested for much, sir?
Are you certain that circle is centered?
Are you coming or not?
Are you concerned about your health?
Are you cooking?
Are you employed?
Are you expecting to come in?
Are you going back to our young friend?
Are you going for a stroll?
Are you going to return there?
Are you going to that conference about Deep Learning?
Are you going? they asked, in surprise.
Are you gonna join us in the campus?
Are you having a laugh?
Are you hibernating?
Are you ignoring me?
Are you in debt again?
Are you interested in low-cost shares?
Are you into graphs?
Are you looking for employment?
Are you on the mailing list?
Are you ready to go, dear?
Are you registered to vote?
Are you selling those paintings?
Are you starting or stopping?
Are you sure he has the required expertise to run this project?
Are you sure of that? How can you be?
Are you sure you're not overspending?
Are you sure you're quite so much as six foot three?
Are you the boy I've read of in the papers?
Are you there?
Are you using a hair straightener?
Are you waiting to see Sir Leicester?
Argentina once dominated in football.
Arguments are too much like disputes.
Arrogance does not make a respectable man.
Arthur is the employee of the month.
Artificial Intelligence can be designed to be beneficial for humanity.
Artificial Intelligence can be used for social good.
Artificial Intelligence can empower human workers.
Artificial Intelligence models will need to be explainable.
Artificially Intelligent Systems are already in use today.
As I foresaw from the start, I can fix everything.
As I had anticipated, sir.
As I say, he had tapped the message very rapidly.
As I told you, he left his glove behind.
As I went I breakfasted on the dusty remnants of the ginger biscuits.
As a collaborative effort.
As a matter of fact, I'm particularly spiritual.
As a prize for coming last, he was awarded the wooden spoon.
As a young child she was able to sing even before she could speak
As an individual.
As far as possible, without surrender, be on good terms with all persons.
As far out to sea as you can.
As for Harry, he made no reply.
As for himself, weren't the street railway earnings increasing steadily.
As for pulling me out of the window, I only wish they could!
As he came out he looked at his watch.
As he recognized Bertram, however, coldness melted, to be replaced by astonishment.
As he stepped silently past it, he looked in.
As if I would talk on such a subject!
As if there were any other in his life!
As if you ever saw anybody!
As it drove up, we saw that there were two people inside.
As it turns out, the wedding is not today.
As it was I could not resist.
As it was, I took the path that led close by it.
As it was, they looked incuriously on.
As regards these two, everything was beyond a question absolutely in order.
As she turned I saw her face under the big green hat.
As soon as it was on the road it stopped.
As soon as they looked over the wall.
As the door opened I could hear the sound of low voices.
As the handcuffs clinked on his wrists I said my last word to him.
As the loafer passed he looked up, and I fancied a signal was exchanged.
As the morning drew on, however, his professional quietude deserted him.
As the motorcar rolled away, courage returned for a moment to Celia.
As the story goes, she went out to rescue them.
As to a rolling stone, why, what you say is true.
As to how she dressed, he had no ideas at all.
As to me, what had I to forgive?
As to sparing the girl, of what importance or value is she?
As we moved away from that station my companion woke up.
As we've missed the deadline, I think we should postpone the meeting.
As yet, you are nothing more.
As you advised.
As you have done so many years.
As you say, it's not a pleasant subject.
As you were!
As you wish.
Asia is pioneering online action to offline services.
Asia is the largest continent on our planet earth.
Aside from the fact, the tenant refused to pay.
Ask anyone at the Drones about this.
Ask him, I laughed, then turned to Pasquini.
Ask if she needs a sticking plaster for that graze.
Ask me no more, child!
Ask them.
Ask yourself these questions, my dainty little friend!
Asprin used to be a popular painkiller
Assembly line workers assemble products moving on a conveyor belt.
Assume that the company is assembled for our seance.
Assuredly I would have refused.
Astronomers have analyzed this region.
Astroturf is used as outdoor flooring in play grounds.
At Cannes she was with us all the time.
At Geneva they get out.
At Lake Linderman I had one canoe, very good Peterborough canoe.
At a kid's school before I went there.
At a moment like that?
At all costs she must be prevented from giving that information.
At any minute.
At dusk he went into his chamber.
At eleven o'clock his valet brought a telegram into the room.
At first I thought there was nobody in the street.
At first he did not recognise me.
At first he puzzled over something untoward he was sure had happened.
At first his progress was slow and erratic.
At first we were apprehensive, but later we opened up.
At five o'clock, Celia prepared to leave the house on foot.
At it again, in a new direction!
At last Jip let out a great bark and sat down.
At last it said to the Mock Turtle, ‘Drive on, old fellow!’
At last the Red Queen began.
At least I don't think I know why.
At least ninety percent of the students disagreed with the professor’s outrageous statement
At least, I mean, I shall now leave you.
At least, I only knew her as such.
At least, he has said nothing.
At least, perhaps I do, but I don't think it matters.
At length the breakfast is ready.
At length, by slow degrees, they became indistinct and mingled.
At length, however, she sat up and looked about her.
At no time did I dare to utter her name.
At once he leaned back in his chair.
At once would be instituted a dozen cooperative commonwealth states.
At one while my journey looked hopeful, and at another hopeless.
At present I have not room to do them justice.
At risk of sounding ignorant, may I ask why?
At such an assembly as this it would be insupportable.
At that he laughed uproariously.
At that moment I got the impression that she was willowy.
At the Custom House they would know something.
At the best, they were necessary accessories.
At the bridge there is a Custom House.
At the end he nodded his head in approval.
At the end of four, I shall say good-bye.
At the entrance from the corridor a porter barred the way.
At the far end of it, the car stopped.
At the moment the clock of a neighbouring church struck the hour of seven.
At the same time spears and arrows began to fall among the invaders.
At the top of the chimney stack, you can see the chimney pot
At this martial arts dojo we teach discipline and humility.
At this moment I felt a stir at my shoulder.
At this rate they'll be at it these seven years.
At this rate you won't last my time.
At times I wondered where Sir Archibald got his style.
At times of austerity, it's necessary to tighten our belts.
At times of austerity, municipalities often make cutbacks.
At times of job scarcity, it's a good time to become an entrepreneur.
At times of job scarcity, it's a good time to become an entrepreneur..
At times she came near to an extreme irritation with Helene.
At what hour would you suggest bonging the bell?
At work so late, my dear?
At your leisure.
Atrophy can set in quickly.
Augmenting technology like assistive mixed reality glasses can prompt wearers what to do.
Aunt Dahlia isn't his aunt.
Aunt Dahlia must knock off dinner to soften Uncle Tom.
Aunt Dahlia sighed a bit.
Aunt Dahlia turned and spoke in a quiet, authoritative manner.
Aunt Dahlia uttered a startled hunting cry.
Aunt Dahlia's eyes met mine.
Aunt Dahlia's face grew darker.
Aunt Dahlia, with a deathbed groan, said it didn't matter.
Aunt Em dropped her work and came to the door.
Aunt Em was washing the dishes.
Aunt looked at butler.
Australia has a diverse range of animals.
Author of the danger trail, Philip Steels, etc.
Automation will disrupt the way we work as we know it today.
Automation will disrupt the work as we know it.
Autonomous systems must abide by international human rights rules.
Autonomous systems should not facilitate crimes.
Autumn equinox tends to fall around the twenty-second of September.
Avicenna was a famous physician who wrote the Book of Healing.
Avoid loud and aggressive persons; they are vexatious to the spirit.
Avoid the ham.
Away in a Manger.
Ay, there was a man in a motor-car.
Aye, but they might teach me wrong!
Aye, in good time.
Aye, that's the question!
Baby Hannah made a mess of her bib.
Back-propagation is a machine learning technique.
Bacteria can be seen using a microscope.
Bad data can cause inaccuracies in machine learning algorithms.
Bad news will be a little the better.
Bad plans are prone to failure.
Baidu is like the Google of China.
Baked chicken nuggets, with ice cream.
Baking soda is good at absorbing bad smells in the fridge.
Banana and raisin loaf.
Banana is full of potassium.
Barristers and solicitors are types of lawyer
Bassett was a fastidious man.
Bassett was a silent bread crumbler.
Battle Royale is a popular gamemode among preteens.
Bayesian statistics will help you if you do any kind of data analytics.
Bayesian theorem is worth learning if you're studying algorithms.
Be assured that he does not!
Be careful of bitcoin Ponzi schemes.
Be careful of black ice!
Be careful to avoid all the pitfalls.
Be cheerful. Strive to be happy.
Be cross to me if I deserve it.
Be dutiful and affectionate towards me, and I ask no other return.
Be optimists, boys.
Be quiet, sir!
Be skeptical of websites, check that the link matches the official website.
Be specific when talking to a voice assistant.
Be wary of the man that knows little, and doesn't know it.
Be yourself. Especially do not feign affection.
Bea was dismayed by her dad’s decision.
Bear with me for a moment.
Bear with me; I'll work it out in a moment.
Bear with me; it will all become clear.
Because he said my trousers would split up the back.
Because he was told not to come.
Because she was not alone.
Because we are real friends.
Because, I mean to say, there was no possibility of error.
Because, boys and ladies and gentlemen, he is a pessimist.
Been along with your friend again, Bart?
Been cleaned down with soft soap and soda.
Been here long?
Beethoven was a legendary composer.
Beetroot is one of my favourite vegetables
Before I came away.
Before Philip could recover himself Jeanne's startled guards were upon him.
Before the astonished eyes of his companions he opened them.
Before the last clock begins to strike ten, there is a lull.
Before you go, there is a question I wish to ask you.
Before you leave the page, make sure you click the save button
Behave yourself!
Behead that Dormouse!
Behind each one he seemed to feel an enemy.
Behind him lay the thousand-years-long road across all Siberia and Russia.
Behind the hotel his car was waiting.
Behind the room a door led into a little white-tiled bathroom.
Behind us is the supporting wall of the hotel garden.
Being what it is, she neither knows nor cares.
Believe her to be deceived, by all means.
Below him the shadow was broken into a pool of rippling starlight.
Belshazzar's feast.
Ben shook with fear when he spied the leopard.
Benjamin Britten's most famous opera was The Turn of the Screw.
Benjamin is a Jew.
Bennet, how can you abuse your own children in such a way?
Benny is enrolled in kindergarten.
Bertie has always been a great cyclist.
Bertie, will you be chivalrous now?
Beside her is a canvas bag, or bundle, she has carried.
Beside the card Celia's letter was laid.
Besides that, she was kind-hearted and most impressionable.
Besides, Dorothy will need someone to protect her.
Besides, I couldn't be peeved at anything tonight.
Besides, I never disparage, sir.
Besides, I wasn't proud of him.
Besides, I wish to send a message over the telephone.
Besides, everybody stares so, seeing perfectly well that it is false.
Besides, had he not whipped the big owl in the forest.
Besides, he was paid one case of tobacco per head.
Besides, it is a violation of our agreement.
Besides, it was not a long-considered step.
Besides, on one or two points change is simply impossible.
Besides, that noise makes me deaf.
Besides, what else should I do?
Besides, you know you're potty about Tuppy.
Besides, you’d never convince him.
Bespoke items usually cost more but do exactly what you need them to.
Best ever chocolate crepe recipe.
Best regards, Michael
Best regards.
Better for common sense, better for him, better for me.
Better luck next time!.
Better men than I have split their trousers.
Better to borrow, better to beg, better to die!
Between eleven and twelve?
Between him and all domestic animals there must be no hostilities.
Between him and the beach was the cane-grass fence of the compound.
Between nine and half-past nine.
Between the rush of the cascades, streaks of rust showed everywhere.
Beware of unchained dogs in public.
Beware the Jabberwock, my son!
Beyond Annecy, they came to the bridge over the ravine.
Beyond Earth, the planets are Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.
Beyond a wholesome discipline, be gentle with yourself.
Beyond dispute, Corry Hutchinson had married Mabel Holmes.
Beyond refusing to sell us food, they left us to ourselves.
Beyond the foliage.
Bias can impede fair judgment.
Bicarbonate soda is also known as baking soda, an ingredient of cake.
Big tech companies are a custodian of our data.
Big tech companies are the data barons of the twenty first century.
Big tech companies are voracious data gatherers.
Bill and I are going to the Caribbean.
Bill lingered, contemplating his work with artistic appreciation.
Bill looked back to see Kate forming a T-shape with her hands.
Bill thought she was a little xenophobic.
Billinger may arrive in time.
Bill’s to go down—Here, Bill!
Bin garbage, don't flush it down a toilet.
Binary code is simply zero's and ones.
Bio-mechanical engineering skills can be used to design prosthetics for amputees.
Biotechnology is progressively advancing.
Biotechnology, or Biotech, is a very popular degree choice
Black suspicion hides in that peaceful region.
Bleak House has an exposed sound.
Bless you!.
Blind people can be aware of real world objects using technology.
Blind with rage, he darted in.
Blood vessels can atrophy in elderly patients.
Blood was oozing slowly from the wounded man's right breast.
Blue collar workers have contributed a lot to the economy through sheer hard work.
Bob allegedly drove without any car insurance.
Bob was practising his song, very badly.
Bob, growing disgusted, turned back suddenly and attempted to pass Mab.
Body language is a behavioral language that can be visually understood.
Bong goes the bell.
Both Johnny and his mother shuffled their feet as they walked.
Both changed colour, one looked white, the other red.
Both girls were kind.
Both men evidently thought the point of great importance.
Both might be as pale, both as intent.
Both parties agree on the compromise.
Bowls is a popular sport for retired people
Boxing Day is not widely celebrated in the United States.
Boxing Day is the day after Christmas Day.
Brains and audacity — yes, these two qualities he had stipulated in the criminal.
Brake fluid regularly needs to be monitored.
Bravery happens when you are scared, but you still decide to act.
Brazilian footballers have the best flair.
Bread and dripping.
Bread can go moldy when it becomes out of date.
Bread-and-butter, of course.
Break down a big job into small tasks to complete it fast.
Brembo makes parts for cars, notably braking systems.
Brexiteers are a nickname given to people who support the Brexit referendum.
Brian hung on tightly as the car performed a U-turn at high speed.
Brian liked to recall the good old days.
Brick and mortar companies struggle to compete with online only companies.
Brick and mortar shops have been slow to adopt digital transformation.
Brightest and best.
Bring it here! Let me sup!
Bring the torch over here; we need more light
Bring them forward, lieutenant.
Brinkley Court had given of its best.
British full stop is American period.
British leukaemia is American leukemia.
British paediatric is American pediatric.
British people sometimes use the word whilst, though it can seem old fashioned
Broadband is significantly faster than dial-up internet.
Broken-Tooth yelled with fright and pain.
Brother-in-law of Wickham!
Brownies are quick and easy to make.
Building your house on sand is not recommended.
Burke himself had criticized it because of the smile.
Burns your throat, too, and makes one as thirsty as the dickens.
Burnt out like the crater of a volcano.
Bus services in rural areas tend not to be very regular.
Business competition drives innovation and economic growth.
Business proposals are being considered.
Business was not resulting.
Businesses can avoid churn by looking after staff and cultivating talents.
Businesses must have a responsible technology strategy.
But Angela handed you your hat before Gussie ever got here.
But Celia Harland is not one of them.
But Celia Harland is not one of those women.
But Gussie isn't a parrot.
But Harry already held the written sheet in his hand.
But Harry was out of breath and shaking with agitation.
But Hatta only munched away, and drank some more tea.
But Helene's wish prevailed.
But I always say that and have never doubted it.
But I am afraid it is impossible.
But I am at the end of my resources.
But I am ready to take my oath that it is ordinary spy work.
But I am worn out.
But I can carry my years.
But I cannot believe it myself.
But I cannot believe! I cannot help it!
But I can’t stay there long.
But I confide in you.
But I could have made the money without this anonymous information.
But I did not enjoy it long.
But I didn't.
But I didn’t, and, in a flash, the air seemed to clear.
But I do not believe that they are going to be married.
But I don't drink.
But I don't think it was any greater than my surprise.
But I don’t mind admitting that I’m horribly nervous.
But I expect a judgment.
But I had done my best service, I think, before I put on khaki.
But I had the sense to see my danger.
But I have a constitutional objection to this sort of thing.
But I have a feeling that it will slip up somewhere.
But I have no doubt he'll do it.
But I knew I should persuade you at last.
But I knew it, I knew it well now.
But I know the foundation is unjust.
But I lay down, self-deceived, in that belief..
But I longed so much to see you, my dear Mr. George.
But I managed it somehow.
But I managed to stick it out and even to grin.
But I may come a fearful stinker without a lamp.
But I must tell you that we have another.
But I need not labour the point.
But I never own to it before her.
But I prepare you.
But I saw no hope in any face, and I felt none.
But I saw something else more interesting.
But I shall be able to give myself fair-play by-and-by.
But I shall not need a nurse.
But I should like to start as soon as possible.
But I should not have guessed it at the time.
But I soon became used to it.
But I suppose you drew blank?
But I talked with one of them.
But I tell you — this is human.
But I think Richard is right.
But I trusted to things coming round.
But I want, in the young lady's name, to know.
But I was out of the game now.
But I was puzzled.
But I was still feeling nervous.
But I was too late.
But I would not let him that night.
But Johannes could, and did.
But Ma, I was not going to contradict.
But Martin smiled a superior smile.
But Paul hunted far and wide.
But Sir Walter knows, and I’m working for him.
But a clever one.
But a strange thing happened.
But about three o’clock I had a sudden inspiration.
But again there was no expression of surprise, consternation, or delight.
But all at once Wethermill's luck deserted him.
But all my dreams violated this law.
But all the other doors are shut.
But already he had composed himself.
But are you sure of your facts? How do you know?
But as for the earrings — I will tell you.
But as he passed he had aught a sentence spoken by Harry.
But as it happened it was the right one.
But as it was she was helpless.
But as they walked she became alarmed.
But at all events, Ada —  I may call you Ada?
But at any rate I was more or less clad.
But at times perhaps she won at the casino?
But before Alice could answer him, the drums began.
But before he had decided a knock came upon the door.
But by acting promptly we should avoid such a contingency.
But certain recollections plagued her soul.
But couldn't you be mended? asked the girl.
But discretion kept him silent.
But do not distress yourself with dark imaginings.
But don't you know that people die there?
But don't you understand?
But enough of this.
But even that may be my vanity.
But even while he spoke he soon caught sight of her.
But ever his gaze returned to that Crouched Venus on the piano.
But every man's not obliged to be solvent?
But everything’s curious today.
But from the first I was disappointed with it.
But get out I must.
But get up, get up!
But he came at once straight towards her.
But he could see nothing unusual.
But he cuts no ice.
But he did not broach it, preferring to mature it carefully.
But he did not dismiss the point so lightly.
But he did not yet go home to Puddleby.
But he evidently thought she was.
But he had noticed nothing strange; so it could not be.
But he happens not to be in a business mind.
But he has his revenge.
But he has never looked after them.
But he held her face firmly and finished his work.
But he knew the world.
But he knows well enough at a glance.
But he no longer cared quite so much for that form of diversion.
But he reconciled himself to it by an act of faith.
But he turned and saw that Harry was talking volubly.
But he uttered no cry; he made no movement of surprise.
But he was aroused to anger against the man.
But he was still unaware how Hanaud had worked out the solution.
But he was too excited to dwell long upon them.
But he's betrothed.
But he's gone to the dance.
But her heart is aching.
But her heart sank within her.
But here amongst ourselves let us speak out.
But here is news for us.
But his name is Bucket.
But his spirits rose again at once.
But his thoughts were not concerned with it.
But how about my courage? asked the Lion, anxiously.
But how are you going to do it.
But how curiously it twists!
But how did that start the trouble?
But how do you make it out
But how much better it was now that this had never happened!
But however, but however, he might have had amiable intentions.
But if Pierre did not return, until tomorrow.
But if he should decline, sir?
But if they do, I do not think they will be happy.
But in spite of himself his voice trembled.
But in the canyons water was plentiful and also a luxuriant forest growth.
But in the room the settee puzzled me.
But in these matters you have got to realize that tastes differ.
But is it a kind heart?
But is that wise, monsieur?
But is the secret safe so far?
But it can't last for ever.
But it contributed to the smash.
But it did not: it burned quite steadily.
But it didn't do any good?
But it didn’t do to begin thinking about the possibilities.
But it is a terrible misfortune.
But it is all one to both; neither is troubled about that.
But it is at the Court, sir.
But it is mere impertinence in me to offer any recommendation.
But it is no use.
But it is soon over.
But it makes them more fun!
But it must succeed!
But it was a chance, the only possible chance.
But it was a delirium she had the cunning to conceal.
But it was certainly the case.
But it was not I who called myself intelligent.
But it was only sent off at a quarter to one.
But it was plain that even he was overdoing his gaiety.
But it was quite clear.
But it was thoughtful of you to remind me of him.
But it was too much to expect.
But it won't continue, she said with easy confidence.
But it won't open.
But it'll do as well as anything else!
But it's no good.
But it's well enough for the time.
But just at that moment the match went out again.
But knows a quantity, I suppose?
But let this not blind you to what virtue there is
But life's worth more than cash, she argued.
But meanwhile I can go from this villa, monsieur?
But memory eluded me.
But my friends haven’t played their last card by a long sight.
But my little body will soon fall into the background now.
But no, he just stood there. Waving a few fists.
But not a single bee has come near it yet.
But not a sound came from behind the door.
But not now.
But nothing fell out.
But now I had a better idea.
But now I saw that I must carry on as planned.
But now follow this!
But now of all that help she was deprived.
But now she stood still.
But now they were together; now they were talking.
But now, I’m glad you did not try.
But nowhere on it could a man be seen.
But of course Monsieur will require your presence.
But of course you have others.
But on the first day of June he is coming to this city.
But on the third day I could see he was beginning to get restless.
But one can picture the scene.
But one thing I have never failed to hand the man: he is magnetic.
But one way of communication I did not think of.
But only now did he exhibit any real animation.
But only the echo came back from the rock.
But other statements in the letter puzzled me.
But she dared not refuse it.
But she had become an automaton.
But she had mastered herself.
But she had to pay now; the moment for payment had come.
But she has.
But she hasn't seen anybody since she got back.
But she heard no more, for almost immediately she fell asleep.
But she is nothing to me now.
But she is too much like her brother — very, very proud.
But she laughed, and said there would be no difficulty.
But she only bruised her wrists.
But she should have it and to spare tonight.
But she swung obediently on her heel into the wind.
But she was not sure - well, let us make sure!
But she was not to be so easily left.
But she would not gratify it.
But she's free! You let her go free!
But so is somebody else's.
But somehow the law had got after me.
But such divergence of opinion would constitute no menace to society.
But tell us frankly about these seances.
But that appears like casting such a man away.
But that did not console me.
But that information would be worth many millions to our enemies.
But that is not the present point.
But that is one great difference between us.
But that is wonderful! How did you find that out?
But that sword looks awfully gleaming and sharp.
But that was not all.
But that's not what I mean.
But that's taking trouble, surely.
But the Brinkley Court fire bell was too much for me.
But the Monkey King shook his head.
But the bearded bloke had shot his bolt.
But the car came back from Geneva into France!
But the coils of rope held her; the scarf suffocated her.
But the door's shut.
But the footsteps moved away.
But the kitchen maid has struck an inspired streak.
But the night after I shall want you.
But the novelty of her surroundings wore off.
But the old man in the moorland house solemnised him.
But the old man spoke again.
But the old man was the pick of the lot.
But the pretty milk-maid was much too vexed to make any answer.
But the smile remained on Helene's face.
But the staircases kept puzzling me.
But the trouble was that my knowledge wasn’t exact.
But the water looked so cold, so terrible, and I was young.
But the women were intent upon their own ends.
But then I found I had stuck.
But then I often think I know you as you really are.
But then I should not have had my wonderful brains! cried the Scarecrow.
But then came an overwhelming thing — the murder of Marthe.
But there I was mistaken.
But there came no promise from the bow of the canoe.
But there could be no doubt about him.
But there is just one point before I begin.
But there remain the footprints, for which I found no explanation.
But there was a pulse of joy at her heart.
But there was also talk of witchcraft in the village.
But there was no escape.
But there was no longer the mother yearning in his heart.
But there was not one there yesterday afternoon at three.
But there was other trouble.
But there was something even more startling than this resemblance.
But there was something more than her beauty to attract him.
But there will be an explanation — if only we can discover it.
But there you have the man.
But there, in the throng of people, they were separated.
But they are mere hints rather than prints.
But they did after she got back.
But they had made their one mistake.
But they had not been fortunate.
But they make the mistake of ignoring their own duality.
But they make these head masters of tough stuff.
But they remained helplessly bound.
But they wouldn’t have listened to me.
But this boy, I regret to say, falls into neither class.
But this demolished the whole of his theory about the motorcar.
But this is yesterday's paper!
But this little defect did not worry him.
But this time it was Saxon who rebelled.
But those would be all the differences, leaving out the frankness.
But to Ricardo the whole story was now clear.
But to culture the Revolution thus far had exhausted the Junta.
But tonight I revised my views.
But travelling from France into Switzerland is a very different affair.
But very soon it began to seem less of a game.
But virtually the same, virtually the same.
But wait a moment!
But wasn't it turning the corner two years ago?
But we are coming to the end.
But we are nearing the end.
But we are plotting nothing against him, Tony.
But we have got the necklace — that's something.
But we have them!
But we want to avoid that if possible.
But we were without this momentum.
But we'll just postpone this.
But what I meant was this.
But what a very good-proportioned yard it is!
But what can I say about the sunset?
But what caused this change of heart?
But what could I do if I stayed!
But what do we know of the plan?
But what else could they do over there in Geneva?
But what happened in the salon?
But what he must have felt!
But what kind of a clue?
But what on earth can you do?
But what should I know?
But what then?
But what they want with your toothbrush is more than I can imagine.
But what turned out to be the case?
But what's done can't be undone.
But who are these gentlemen?
But who was Eileen's double.
But who would have thought?
But why continue the tirade, for tirade it was.
But why do I make these excuses?
But why should you think that I — I, of all men — want money?
But with all my heart, I wish it was so.
But with the pad held up to her she could write.
But without her help the story became complete.
But you are coming my way.
But you are late too, and look weary.
But you are missing an intellectual treat.
But you aren't proposing to keep this up, of course?
But you had isolated the house in Geneva.
But you have chosen your fault well.
But you have not mentioned that party's name.
But you know the type.
But you love her, don't you?
But you promised!
But you saw the driver!
But you see the difficulty, Hannay.
But you shall not!
But you should have seen her!
But you will not mention it?
But you will remember now.
But your temper is hasty and you are not considerate.
But you’ll admit it’s horribly awkward.
But you’re so easily offended, you know!
But — but this is a bit too much.
But — may I be quite frank with you, Bertie?
But, Bertie, this is positively bright.
But, Bertie, you don't mean you know these Traverses?
But, again, of those who watched her no one smiled.
But, confound it all, we can't stop out here all night.
But, dash it, Gussie.
But, even if they had known, they must take the risk.
But, however, he did not.
But, however, here's five shillings for you.
But, my dear Miss Summerson, I have no art, no disguise.
But, my dear friend, why shouldn't I?
But, of course, Bertie frankly cheated.
But, of course, one can't do that sort of thing.
But, otherwise, how far above the human listener is the brute!
But, since you are young, naturally you want storms.
But, tut, all this is nothing!
Butler looked at aunt.
Butter wouldn't melt.
Buy four, get the cheapest one free.
Buy one, get one free.
Buy two, get the third free.
By Gad, you’re the very man I’ve been praying for.
By Heaven, that's clever!
By Jove, Bertie, I don't know how to thank you.
By Jove, yes.
By a hundred instances she proclaimed herself a dupe.
By and by I went to my old glass.
By and by my strength began to be restored.
By combining your notes with mine, I was able to determine what happened.
By daybreak you’ll be well into the hills.
By degrees, though very slowly, I at last overcame my strange emotion.
By golly, the boy wins.
By harnessing a persons innate abilities we can help them flourish.
By his manoeuvres on the platform this afternoon.
By process of elimination we could determine who the real culprit was.
By that answer my professional medical prestige stood or fell.
By the lift, if you please; it will save time.
By the moonlight, she can be seen in profile, perfectly still.
By the way, where is the telegram from Marthe?
By this time Charley was as enraged as the Greek.
By this time he has finished and is putting up his case.
By this time it was getting on for six o’clock.
By this time the news will be on its way.
By virtue of that power we shall remain in power.
By way of a start, I read the note again.
Bye-bye, sucker!
C Sharp is a programming language.
Caddy seemed equally at a loss.
Caddy, show Miss Clare and Miss Summerson their rooms.
Cadmium batteries can be recycled also.
Calcium is essential for healthy bone structure.
Call Joe.
Call in help if they don't go.
Call it four and ninepence —  call it four pounds nine.
Call it twenty-five.
Call me in the evening.
Call me that again, he murmured ecstatically.
Call nine nine nine.
Call one one one.
Call the official company directly if you are unsure.
Calm and brave through everything.
Cambridge university has been around for a long time.
Cameron looked at his hands with their long, sinewy fingers.
Can I be of any assistance?
Can I borrow you for a moment?
Can I borrow your bike?
Can I have your phone number?
Can I pay for it with a hire purchase agreement?
Can I reclaim the gift aid on my donation?
Can I save the poor girl from injury before they know it?
Can algorithms be racist or is it the data?
Can anyone hear me?
Can his most intimate friends be so excessively deceived in him?
Can it do any good?
Can maths explain everything?
Can we arrange a meeting?
Can we assume that the program is moribund?
Can we chat later when I'm feeling a bit more sparky?
Can we discuss it like adults?
Can we do nothing about fake news?
Can you answer me that, Simmons?
Can you change the channel, please?
Can you cut me a deal?
Can you dance, and play music, and sing?
Can you dance?
Can you distribute the prizes at the next prize-giving ceremony?
Can you do division?
Can you do me a favor?
Can you do subtraction?
Can you exclude me from the meeting requests?
Can you feel quite assured of that?
Can you get that on the App Store?
Can you give a ballpark figure on how much it will cost?
Can you give any example of that class?
Can you give me a brief summary?
Can you give me the afternoon slot?
Can you help me find it?
Can you imagine, Bertie?
Can you interpret this?
Can you lay the table for me, darling?
Can you learn to love me?
Can you not keep still?
Can you quote a reliable source to justify that?
Can you really get us out of this mess?
Can you record this for me?
Can you remember what it was like back in the day?
Can you review my pull request?
Can you say it here?
Can you see him declining?
Can you see the blur? It looked blurred yesterday, as well.
Can you see the mark of the stonemason?
Can you see what's on the telly tonight?
Can you smell a really horrible odour?
Can you teach me how to swim?
Can you tow my car?
Can't eat, can't sleep — all for love of you.
Can't say I mind either way.
Can't stop chatting with you all night.
Can't we? You just watch us.
Can't you make them hear?
Can't you realize the position?
Can't you see how pleased we all are?
Can't you see it?
Cancer has claimed the lives of millions of people.
Candy corn is a Halloween favorite, but personally I find it disgusting.
Candyfloss is a popular children's delicacy, particularly during the summer holidays
Canines, Molars and Incisors are teeth names.
Canned food lasts long but is not the same as the fresh food.
Capillary blood vessel.
Capital, he said, had no conscience and no fatherland.
Captain Doane's orders were swiftly obeyed.
Captain West may be a Samurai, but he is also human.
Captain, hail the star ship.
Car batteries require safe disposal, please visit the local recycling center.
Car body kits are often made out of fiberglass.
Car safety maintenance should never be overlooked.
Carbon dioxide is emitted from vehicles that run on fossil fuels.
Cardboard is highly recyclable.
Cardiac Pulmonary Resuscitation is a life-saving resuscitation technique.
Care to come for a saunter?
Carefulness while driving will keep us and others safe.
Carelessness can have devastating consequences.
Carmen was sentenced to fifteen years in prison for jaywalking.
Carnivores are at the top of the food chain; plankton are near the bottom
Caroline is learning French at an adult education class
Carrot and coriander soup.
Cars must stop at a Zebra stripe and allow people to cross.
Cassette tapes are dead technology.
Cassettes tape recorders have long been superseded.
Cat had to practise juggling every day.
Catalan is a language that has some similarities to French.
Catch as catch can.
Catch hold of your money.
Catelina recommends companies should always aim to build a minimum ethical product.
Catherine and Lydia had information for them of a different sort.
Catherine wisely put in her tongue.
Catherine, contented at first, in a brief space grew irritable and restless.
Cathy took two hundred and ten pounds out of her bank account
Cats eyes are a reflector often used to mark the edges of the carriageway
Caution, Handle with care.
Cautiously the men disembarked and crept up the bank.
Celia began to struggle furiously, convulsively.
Celia covered her face with her hands for a few moments.
Celia dragged herself out of the shop in despair.
Celia dressed herself as she did last night.
Celia drove yesterday night to Geneva.
Celia followed his advice.
Celia had herself hidden them there for safety.
Celia had no suspicions of Helene.
Celia had sprung from Montmartre suddenly; therefore Helene despised her.
Celia had taken her place.
Celia heard Harry behind her draw a long breath of relief.
Celia heard it turn in the lock, and the door bang.
Celia heard some one drop heavily into a chair.
Celia heard that note and was quelled by it.
Celia heard the women settle in their chairs about the table.
Celia leaned back, her heart fainting within her.
Celia let her arms fall forward on the table.
Celia let her head fall towards her shoulder.
Celia made no movement.
Celia moved and opened her eyes.
Celia nodded her head gratefully.
Celia raised her head to answer.
Celia shrank back, shivering.
Celia sprang out on to the pavement.
Celia stared at her in dread.
Celia stood apparently unconcerned, apparently lost to all that was going on.
Celia tantalised her with hope.
Celia travelled in this car.
Celia turned back again to Harry.
Celia turned her back and crossed her wrists.
Celia was quite alone when she bought the cord.
Celia was thrown out of work, and could get nothing to do.
Celia was to have married me this week.
Celia was wearing buckles on her shoes.
Celia was wearing the shoes she was meant to wear.
Celia will be very welcome.
Celia's first thought was one of relief.
Celia's uneasiness grew into fear.
Celia's vague terror grew.
Celia, her cheeks rosy, her eyes bright.
Celsius is a common temperature scale.
Cern is an international particle physics laboratory near Geneva.
Certainly I have seen you to better advantage, sir.
Certainly I remembered Angela's shark.
Certainly Jo doesn't know.
Certainly he gave it to me.
Certainly she dwelt in Bohemia.
Certainly she locked her rings and necklaces away whilst I helped her undress.
Certainly she will.
Certainly, we’ll do anything in our power to assist the authorities.
Certainly; you shall go to your friends at once.
Chance would be a fine thing!
Chancery justice is so very difficult to follow.
Change chairs, Daylight commanded.
Charities are developing systems to offer cash direct to the needy in emergencies.
Charities must be vigilant for the protection of the vulnerable.
Charities work hard to alleviate suffering.
Charles Babbage and Ada Lovelace invented the Analytical Engine.
Charles Darwin's most famous work is On the Origin of Species.
Charley looked at me a little frightened.
Charley's last report was that the boy was quiet.
Charlie overestimated by at least a factor of ten.
Cheap housing helps first time buyers get onto the property ladder.
Check the calorimeter.
Cheer up, and tell us about it!
Cheers, said the girl, and cheerio
Cheese must be grated before being added.
Cherokee identified himself with his instinct.
Chess is entirely a game of skill, but backgammon includes an element of chance
Chewing tobacco increases the risk of cancer.
Chicken and broccoli pasta bake.
Chief executives are afforded many privileges for their senior role.
Children can be mischievous.
Children do not always heed the wisdom of their parents.
Children just want the attention of their parents.
Chinese crispy beef stir fry.
Chips, cheese and peas.
Chocolate mousse; yummy!
Chocolate with a caramel filling.
Choreography is harder than it looks.
Christina recommended the fish.
Christmas is an easy problem compared with a Polynesian giving-feast.
Christmas is on December twenty-fifth.
Churchill wore a boiler suit frequently during the war
Citizens collectively contribute to the success of an economy.
Civil society leaders strive to serve the community they represent.
Claire and Sean kindly agreed to clear out my city pad.
Claire waited patiently.
Classic beef burger, with a twist.
Claudia picked up the knife and waved it menacingly.
Clay pots are baked in a clay oven.
Clean air, means better lungs.
Clean water is a privilege we take for granted.
Cleanliness is a pillar of this household.
Clearly he was hard put to it.
Clearly he was very drunk.
Click the grid to expand more details.
Climate change is real, people.
Clingfilm is very useful for sealing open containers
Close beside him gleamed the white fangs of the wolf-dog.
Closed Captions is an assistive technology that also benefits non-impaired users.
Clothes are disposed of too early because of changing fashion trends.
Clothes are folded and placed in a drawer.
Clothes are made to be worn.
Clothes that are off-the-peg are ready-made rather than bespoke
Cloud computing enables you to scale up architecture on-demand.
Clubs and balls and cities grew to be only memories.
Cochlear implants help to restore hearing for a deaf person.
Coffee is a type of Diuretics.
Cognitive Intelligence cannot form on its own.
Cole, stop stealing my french fries!
Colin and Nathan are bitter rivals.
Colin appears rather sad this afternoon
Colin, is that you?
Colloquialism language is commonly used.
Colonel sanders has his face painted on many buildings.
Come and help me out of this!’
Come and see me tomorrow, Hannay.
Come here directly, and get ready for your walk!
Come in through the shop if t'other door's out of order!
Come in with your light.
Come into this house for heaven's sake!
Come off the motorway, take the next slip-road, then left at the roundabout
Come on! Don't be such a slowcoach!
Come on, Del Mar challenged.
Come on, old friend.
Come out from behind that bench.
Come to me tomorrow and you shall have a heart.
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
Come, come, my young cousins, begin afresh!
Come, come, we must not fence and parry now.
Come, come, what is all this?
Come, girls, come and see your home!
Come, go and get the jewels.
Come, let us go from here!
Come, let us go!
Come, my dear friend, there's a chance for you.
Come, then, I want to know where those letters are.
Come, there’s half my plan done now!
Coming in a minute, nurse!
Comment?
Commodities are sold in huge volumes.
Common British terms for a toilet are loo and lavatory
Common punctuation marks include the full stop, comma, semicolon, and inverted commas
Common sense reasoning is a limitation of the current generation of algorithms.
Companies downsize when there are too many intermediaries.
Companies looking to automate should educate their workers also.
Companies selfishly let go of talented staff to keep shareholders happy.
Companies that use biometric data must work to keep it secure.
Companies will need to prioritize their workforce over profit.
Companies working on Machine Learning must build an ethical product.
Comparative benchmarks have shown the latter to perform exceedingly better.
Competitiveness in the industry drives innovation and growth. The consumer wins.
Complete silence followed upon his words.
Complexity in code should be avoided to enhance maintainability.
Compliance of Ethics by the industry will build trust.
Compose for me an email to Gary.
Compounded by debt.
Computer scientists have banged their heads trying to solve this problem until now.
Computer, read out aloud this page.
Computer-aided design tools enable product designers to prototype ideas.
Computing power can speed up the progress of human-like computational reasoning.
Concentration is easily disrupted while task switching.
Condensate had built up on the rim of the window sill.
Condensation is a natural phase of the water life cycle.
Confidentiality during the consultation is essential
Confidently anticipate him as Master of Revels on thirty-first.
Confound the stuff, it won't blow off — smears like black fat!
Confused and lost, Richard headed in the direction of platform K.
Connecting the dots, is not as easy as it seems in machine learning.
Consequently I myself have been compelled to nurse him.
Consequently you're very far from wanting to give trouble.
Consequently, I rely upon your ladyship's honour.
Consider a circle on the complex plane.
Consider what a great girl you are.
Consider what o’clock it is.
Consider your conduct frozen limit.
Considering one perspective creates a limited view of the world.
Consumables are the most sold items.
Consumer electronics are not built to last like they used to.
Consumers want an appealing, stylish and durable product.
Continuous Integration has been a lifesaver for us.
Contrary to popular belief, you shouldn't feed bread to ducks. Give birdseeds instead.
Contributions gratefully received
Conversational and acquiescent on both sides.
Convolutional Neural Networks are great to work with images.
Cookies must be baked at the right temperature.
Copyright infringement must be avoided.
Coral reefs near beaches are being affected by tourism.
Corporate organizations forget that they were once a startup.
Corporations are usually only interested in profitability.
Correlation does not equals causation.
Corruption can be tackled by changing the culture that facilitates it.
Cotton wool can be used with make-up remover to remove eyeshadow
Cotton wool is very good for removing make-up
Could Aunt Dahlia have slept on it and changed her mind?
Could I ask you to fill in this form, please?
Could I borrow a bit of cash?
Could I speak to you alone for a moment?
Could Jeeves have got you into Brinkley Court?
Could bees survive if we made them resistant to pesticides?
Could the incident have anything to do with Jeanne and Pierre.
Could the tenors and basses please watch the conductor?
Could you fetch me a pinch from anywhere?
Could you give me a ring at about ten o'clock?
Could you kindly desist from throwing peanuts from the gallery?
Could you look after our kangaroo while we're on holiday?
Could you please advise on available funds?
Could you post this letter for me please?
Could you put the sauce on the side?
Could you tell me what that entails?
Could you translate for me?
Could you trust in him?
Couldn't have helped himself, of course.
Counseling support can help during the bereavement process.
Count the people on the bus, and don't forget to include yourself.
Counter-factual explanations can help in explaining what black-box models mean.
Couple of hours after.
Cousin John, perhaps, is better.
Covered with ink and mire generally, washing only on alternate Thursdays.
Crash and burn.
Craziness is doing the same thing and expecting a different result.
Creative Commons is an organisation that provides open copyright licences
Creeping and crawling
Creeping and crawling.
Crew retention has been a huge problem in recent years.
Crickets began to chirp, and more geese and ducks flew overhead.
Cries for help were heard in a by-street of a town.
Crisps are high in starch.
Crisps are made from potato.
Cross the stream where it is shallowest.
Crumbs, dust, and waste-paper were all over the house.
Crystal icicles had formed around the cave.
Cuddly toy, soft toy, stuffed animal are all plush toys
Curly rushed her antagonist, who struck again and leaped aside.
Currently we are closed.
Curse all dancing chauffeurs!
Cycling is a very green way to travel
Cyclists should always carry a tyre-repair kit, in case of punctures
Dahlia was in the drawing-room.
Damn all dancing butlers!
Damn it, they'd rush the platform.
Damn that boy, he’s gone to sleep again.
Dancing was her passion.
Daniel concealed the F grade in the corner so his mother wouldn't see it.
Daring and brains, those were the property of Harry — yes.
Darkness again filled the recess instead of the grey twilight.
Darkness hid him from Jeanne.
Darling, we've run out of paper tissues again.
Dash all gestures, is my view.
Dash it, there are hundreds of things you can say.
Dashed painful, I understand.
Dashed reasonable, was my verdict.
Dashed silly thing to say.
Data Scientists can learn to de-bias an algorithm during model training.
Data is a vital ingredient of training machine learning models.
Daughtry elaborated on the counting trick by bringing Cocky along.
David manoeuvred the lorry carefully through the narrow streets of London.
David, Tim and Sarah regularly perform jazz at the local bar.
Dawn restored me to common sense.
Daylight found himself charmed and made curious by the little man.
Daylight made no answer, and the door closed behind him.
Daylight was tired, profoundly tired.
De-clutter the things in your life, de-clutter your mind.
Deal with it!
Dear Mr Thompson.
Dear Mrs Brown.
Dear Ms Collins.
Dear Sir, Your second victim has fallen on schedule time.
Dear mother, are you so resolved?
Death and taxes are both unavoidable.
Death had come with terrible suddenness.
Death is and has been ever since old Maui died.
Decentralization may be the future of the internet.
Deck the halls with boughs of holly.
Decompression works a little faster when you're not using the machine.
Decoupling code will make your software less brittle during changes.
Deep Learning is mostly being used for perception in self driving cars.
Deep Neural Networks are ideal for computer vision use cases.
Deeply regret, my foot.
Defeat at the tournament made him demotivated.
Definitely over, is it?
Delete all debug breakpoints.
Delicacy be dashed.
Dementia causes symptoms of memory loss.
Dementia is usually experienced by the elderly.
Dennin's hands were released long enough for him to sign the document.
Deploy all personnel to the site immediately.
Dermatologists specialise in the conditions of the skin.
Desalination of ocean water is a costly process, we need more efficient methods.
Describe briefly what you think of climate change?
Describe it to me.
Desperate families sought asylum in a neighboring country.
Despite all the bravado he was worried about what might happen.
Despite our cultural differences everyone has the same common values.
Despite shrinking industries, this startup is bucking the trend.
Despite the failure, he was sanguine about it all.
Despite these divergences in opinions, people can agree on some common views.
Destruction of private property will not be tolerated.
Devilled eggs taste horrible.
Did Gussie seem taken aback?
Did I possess too much vitality.
Did Thorpe go to see any one in Churchill.
Did he look, when he was living, so very ill and poor?
Did he recede from his position?
Did my husband buy the sausages?
Did not you understand that?
Did she do that?
Did she go, before the murder, to join a lover?
Did she keep much money in the house?
Did she run through it quickly, eagerly, noticing nothing amiss?
Did she wear them when she went down the stairs last night?
Did the tambourine rattle in the darkness on the wall?
Did they emanate from her?
Did you ask particularly that you should have yesterday, the Tuesday?
Did you bring your binoculars?
Did you discover anything?
Did you ever go for a voyage on a ship?
Did you ever see such a brute?
Did you find a car park, or did you park on the street?
Did you get down from the seat at all?
Did you give him your story of the two Irishmen?
Did you go by the old bridge, or the market-place?
Did you hear about their new album?
Did you hear me ask you where you have come from?
Did you imply that he has children of his own, sir?
Did you know another poor person of the name of Liz?
Did you make a call to the real estate agents?
Did you read Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
Did you see anyone pass early this morning?
Did you see her eyes and face when first she saw that sack?
Did you see that? I can hardly believe it!
Did you see the new documentary?
Did you tell him his attitude struck you as defeatist?
Did you think I didn’t know the answer to that?
Did you walk straight from here?
Did you wish to see me?
Did you, darling?
Didn't I tell you it would be a flop?
Didn't he owe us immense sums, all round?
Didn't you put any soda in it?
Diesel cars are no longer in fashion.
Diesel engines make a different noise to petrol engines.
Dig deep, this one is going to be expensive!.
Dig in; you're sure good, was Daylight's answer.
Digging for apples, yer honour!
Diligent, persevering, steady, acute in business.
Ding dong merrily on high.
Dining at his expense, Bart?
Dinner in half an hour, sir.
Diphtheria requires urgent medical treatment.
Discovery of the jewels!
Discretion is the better part of valour, or so they say.
Disgraceful that an able-bodied man like you should dare to beg.
Dismiss her patronage from consideration?
Displaying Nazi symbols or propaganda is against the law in Germany.
Do I come across as being pretentious if I wear this?
Do I have any emails to read?
Do I have to book, or can I pay on the day?
Do I have to meet him? He is as dull as ditchwater.
Do I look as if I mean it?
Do I need to fill in this questionnaire?
Do I understand that you will take her with you?
Do I, or don't I?
Do ants sting, or do they bite?
Do as much by me in return.
Do as well as anything else!
Do her friends know my story also?
Do listen for a second.
Do not be angry with me for saying this.
Do not be so moved.
Do not cross the barbed wires.
Do not dismiss me so soon!
Do not exert yourself too much during a warm-up.
Do not lose heart!
Do not miss this great chance, which may never occur again.
Do not ostracize schizophrenic people, they need support.
Do not over rev the car.
Do not overtake unless it is safe to do so.
Do not respond to email blackmail threats or send any money to them.
Do not tremble and cry so much for me.
Do not use this pen.
Do now, at last, dear godmother, if you please!
Do people still use a phone directory?
Do so much for my sake, and thus all ends between us!
Do take a seat. Someone will be with you shortly.
Do take some food, and some repose.
Do they look like that sort of thing?
Do we have a maintenance contract?
Do we have an example to illustrate that with?
Do we have authorisation to proceed?
Do we have robust disaster planning for that scenario?
Do we have the right equipment to tackle this climb?
Do we have to?
Do we need to pay stamp duty on this house?
Do we need to peel the aubergine before we cook it?
Do what I want, and I will pay you well.
Do you accept or decline?
Do you accept payment by instalments?
Do you accept these terms and conditions?
Do you believe him?
Do you believe in destiny?
Do you consent to view cookies on this website?
Do you consider him in present danger, sir?
Do you contemplate telling Sir Leicester tonight?
Do you dread a particular person?
Do you drink herbal teas?
Do you grasp the psychology?
Do you happen to carry a box?
Do you have a booking with us?
Do you have a carpet sweeper or a Hoover I can borrow?
Do you have a clean handkerchief?
Do you have a favourite knock knock joke?
Do you have a spouse?
Do you have a trustee code of conduct?
Do you have allergies?
Do you have an estate car, or a saloon?
Do you have to pay a monthly fee for your bank’s current account?
Do you hear any sound?
Do you hear the snow against the window-panes, Kitty?
Do you intend to remain in the house?
Do you know any Silicon Valley billionaires?
Do you know any good land around here.
Do you know how much that ring cost?
Do you know how to mend this chair?
Do you know how to sew clothes?
Do you know if there is a car park nearby?
Do you know languages?
Do you know my guardian, ma'am?
Do you know that we weigh every pound of coal we burn.
Do you know that you are shaking my confidence in you.
Do you know that you’re scrubbing a White Queen?
Do you know the place where he was buried?
Do you know the poem Desiderata?
Do you know the pronunciation of that word?
Do you know the relief that my disappearance will be?
Do you know the story of Orpheus with his lute?
Do you know today's football score?
Do you know what brought Aunt Dahlia up here this morning?
Do you know what species this is?
Do you know what that tune is?
Do you know what this ready meal consists of?
Do you know what's happened?
Do you like Machine Learning?
Do you like classical music?
Do you like plum-cake, monster?
Do you like reading physical books or digital versions?
Do you like sugar?
Do you like the new website layout?
Do you manage to get out on your bicycle every weekend?
Do you mean it though, Tony?
Do you mean to look at?
Do you need assistance changing this tire?
Do you prefer flour based noodles or rice based noodles?
Do you prefer jelly babies or mint humbugs?
Do you prefer rock, jazz, or folk music?
Do you prefer single or double cream?
Do you prefer white coffee, or black?
Do you read The Times or The Guardian?
Do you really have to swear quite so often?
Do you recollect the lady's voice?
Do you remember that kids' school we went to before Eton?
Do you remember that?
Do you remember too that I asked him for a road-book?
Do you remember whether she was Canadian or American?
Do you rub your legs to rub life into 'em?
Do you spell your name Ann or Anne?
Do you take me for a dunce?
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
Do you think I ought to acknowledge her kindness?
Do you think he looks silly?
Do you think he will still be there?
Do you think that graffiti is vandalism or art?
Do you think you could get me one?
Do you think you could manage it?
Do you think, Rosa, you are any relief or comfort to me?
Do you use Tensorflow or Pytorch?
Do you use an alias for business?
Do you value your hide.
Do you want a single ticket, or a return?
Do you want chips or beans with it?
Do you want fries with that?
Do you want hundreds and thousands on your ice cream?
Do you want me to like you?
Do you want to act as administrator or coordinator?
Do you want to be let in?
Do you want to buy a single or a return ticket?
Do you want to wash before dinner?
Do you want your boss to like you?
Do you wish to hold any conversation with me in private?
Do you worry about pesticides?
Do your duty, but be careful not to overstep it.
Do, for God's sake, pull my hat forward.
Doctor's write out many prescriptions for patients.
Doctors write out many prescriptions for patients
Does Mr. Badger think so too?
Does anybody have a pack of cards?
Does anybody know the square root of two? the teacher enquired
Does anybody use their garage for keeping a car in?
Does anyone still use paper clips?
Does he show any turn for any musical instrument?
Does it make sense?
Does she work as a childminder or as a nanny?
Does social media create an echo chamber effect?
Does that look good.
Does that ready meal have an expiry date?
Does that resound with you?
Does the bedroom have a wardrobe, or built-in cupboards?
Does the old boy often go off at half-cock that way.
Does the patients eye dilate when you flash a light on it?
Does this contain nuts?
Does this sound right to you?
Does your van have a diesel engine, or is it petrol?
Doesn't anyone else know you're a humbug?
Domestic violence should not be tolerated.
Don Giovanni is a famous opera by Mozart
Don is always banging on about climate change.
Don might well have mentioned it; I forget.
Don't apologize, ducky.
Don't be agitated, my dear.
Don't be an ass, Jeeves.
Don't be blindsided by low-quality research, demand high standards.
Don't be ruffled by your occupation.
Don't be uneasy for me!
Don't believe the caller id from cold callers as these are easily spoofed.
Don't distress yourself; it's of no use.
Don't eat any dinner tonight.
Don't forget that resources are finite.
Don't forget that the car has a gear lever; it's not an automatic
Don't forget to add Basil.
Don't forget to add Oregano.
Don't forget to add Pecan.
Don't forget to include a covering letter with the curriculum vitae.
Don't forget to take some tea bags!
Don't forget your baking tray if you're going to bake biscuits
Don't get your knickers in a twist
Don't give it another thought.
Don't give the matter another thought.
Don't give up!.
Don't go on in that way!
Don't go to bed on a full stomach while a neighbour goes hungry.
Don't have what, dear Pa?
Don't hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.
Don't keep coughing so, Kitty, for Heaven's sake!
Don't keep saying, 'What?'
Don't look at me like that, for God's sake, child!
Don't mention it to our diminutive friend when she comes in.
Don't miss the latest episode of the podcast. Out now!
Don't say it wasn't done!
Don't say that, don't say that.
Don't scold the old lady.
Don't speak to me.
Don't take all that guff of hers too literally, old man.
Don't take them out.
Don't talk to me, and stand farther from me!
Don't tar people with the same brush.
Don't tell stories, Miss Summerson.
Don't tell the boys!
Don't think I've kept anything from you.
Don't touch that butter. It's rancid!
Don't wake Miss Clare.
Don't worry, we're professionals.
Don't you dare presume to demand anything of me!
Don't you read or get read to?
Don't you see I hate you.
Don't you see what this means?
Don't you see, I'm chewing this thing in two.
Don't you think that's a rather risky course of action?
Don't you think the spelling of weird is, well, weird?
Don't you want to spend time with your loved ones?
Don’t drink and drive.
Don’t let that interfere with your appetite.
Don’t try to talk!
Don’t worry, it’s easy.
Dorothy L Sayers used to have a job as an advertising copywriter
Dorothy caught Toto at last, and started to follow her aunt.
Dorothy felt as if she were going up in a balloon.
Dorothy listened to this speech with wonder.
Dorothy looked at him curiously.
Dorothy said nothing.
Dorothy stood up and found she was in her stocking-feet.
Dorothy was almost ready to cry with disappointment.
Dot the I's and cross the T's.
Dot will be the student liaison this week.
Doubt is the beginning, not the end of wisdom
Down there the earth was already swelling with life.
Down through the perfume weighted air fluttered the snowy fluffs of the cottonwoods.
Down with the kids
Downsizing is at the cost of losing talent and quality.
Downstairs, in the salon, only a chair had been overturned.
Dozens of times.
Drag down to refresh the screen.
Dramatically he proclaimed, "Charge!".
Draw a horizontal line down the middle of the paper.
Draw a right-angular line.
Drawers, desks, pockets, all things belonging to him.
Dreams can come true.
Drenched irises, if you care to put it that way.
Drink-driving is a serious criminal offence
Drinking and driving Is very dangerous, not to mention illegal.
Drinking and driving is not worth it.
Drinking excessively can have severe health consequences.
Drinks, do you mean?
Drive round the ring road, and come off at the third roundabout
Drive safely!
Drivers must master driving at the best speed for the current road conditions.
Driving tests are nerve-racking.
Drop a spanner in the works
Drop the Mic, I'm out.
Dual-carriageways and motorways have a central reservation that divides the carriageways
Dubious is no word for it, Jeeves.
Dublin is the capital of the Republic of Ireland.
Due to advances in deep learning.
Due to financial constraints I can only lend you fifty dollars.
Due to high demand, we are out of stock.
Due to what is known as the maternal instinct, what?
Dunham, can your boy go along with Jesse.
During his long career, he received many honours and awards.
During my tenure as a professor, I taught hundreds of students.
During the depression, businesses dealt with it differently.
During the transition, who will pay for it?
Dynamic Link Libraries are reusable modules of windows software applications.
Dyslexia is a learning difficulty experienced in reading and writing.
Dyspraxia is a developmental co-ordination disorder.
Each day she became a more vital part of him.
Each improvement makes the value of everything else pump up.
Each insult added to the value of the claim.
Eagerly I seized on it, for I fancied it would tell me something.
Early audiences were hungry for escapist entertainment.
Early civilization was primitive.
Early screening of high-risk patients could prevent aggressive cancer.
Earth and gravel seemed to fill the pan.
Earths resources are not infinite, we must not be wasteful.
Easter Day falls late this year
Easter falls either in late March or in April
Easter is the celebration of Jesus's resurrection.
Eat less meat.
Eating meat based products leaves a larger carbon foot print.
Economists like predicting the Economy.
Ed will not be joining us today.
Education is a path out of poverty.
Education is seen as the path out of poverty in many developing nations.
Education is the gateway to a better future.
Educational Institutional systems need to be modernized.
Eek! Maybe it’s something psychological?
Efficiency is important, but so is quality.
Eggshell is not good to eat.
Eight items are selected.
Eighteen hundred, he calculated.
Eighteen, he added.
Either of these men wish to go through the court?
Either the suit must be ended, Esther - or the suitor.
Either way, I’m happy.
Ejecting disk in five seconds.
Elderly individuals take advantage of accessibility technology.
Elderly people can be vulnerable and need assistance, but might not ask for it.
Electric Vehicles might be practical if more investment was put into recharging infrastructure.
Electric field strength is measured in volts per metre
Electricity pylons can be very intrusive in rural areas
Electrocardiograph machines can detect atrial fibrillation.
Electronic exports may be subject to tax at the destination country.
Eli Harding asked, as Shunk started to follow.
Elizabeth felt Jane's pleasure.
Elizabeth took an opportunity of thanking her.
Elizabeth went away with her head full of him.
Else why should the gate again be open at midnight?
Elsewhere in the world, the birds were chirping and wildlife was thriving.
Emma loves to draw and paint, while I sit and watch quietly
Emma sometimes enjoys a small gamble, but she never plays for high sums
Emma takes her summer holidays in June, finding it too hot in August
Emotion had overmastered my voice.
Empirical research shows that is not the case.
Employees feel the pressure of unreasonable expectations.
Employers should responsibly retrain people for the future of work.
Encouraged by my conduct, Big-Face became a sudden ally.
Engine oil regularly needs changing.
Engineers need to design aircraft to rely less on fossil fuels.
Engineers of the future will include Ethics as their design process.
England’s most famous universities are Oxford and Cambridge
English Members of Parliament need to open a dialogue with their Scottish counterparts.
English is my second language.
Enjoy it he did, but principally for Steward's sake.
Enjoy your achievements as well as your plans.
Enough of this, my dear!
Enterprises are picking up the pace in adopting digital marketing.
Enters now the psychology of the situation.
Entrepreneurship should be encouraged to boost growth.
Epidemiology is the study of how diseases occur.
Ernest saw in the affair the most sinister import.
Especially when you see her sideways.
Esther certainly does think so.
Esther, will you forgive me?
Ethical considerations should be made to mitigate the misuse of technology advancements.
Ethically Aligned Design.
Ethics will need to be baked in Artificial Intelligence from the beginning.
Ethics will need to be baked into Artificial Intelligence from the beginning.
Even a fully qualified nurse isn’t terribly well paid.
Even computers have their own language.
Even looked surprised.
Even make him better off, if you like.
Even now he was only beginning to be aware of it.
Even so, the rustle of it was heard.
Even that won't do.
Even the delicate tracery of the ceiling did not escape his scrutiny.
Even the smallest companies can take advantage of it.
Even then I had no particular conviction about Geneva.
Eventually machine learning algorithms will evolve to handle more complex scenarios.
Eventually these two roads will converge into one.
Eventually they decided to evacuate to Canada.
Eventually this software will supersede previous editions.
Ever so many lessons to learn!
Every British car has a gearbox, a bonnet, a windscreen, and a boot
Every Monday I have to catch the train into work
Every artistic fibre in his body vibrated to the dramatic situation.
Every bone in her aged body seemed broken or dislocated.
Every country is a sovereign country.
Every day is a day to learn.
Every day it is met by a wall of silence.
Every edition is packed with fun!
Every fibre in her was in revolt.
Every house needs a fire alarm and extinguisher.
Every important plan needs a contingency plan.
Every kind of pride must revolt from the connection.
Every man knows his limits.
Every master in Chancery has had a reference out of it.
Every medical practitioner must swear by the Hippocratic oath.
Every month, I treat myself to some delicious ice cream.
Every mountain has its peak.
Every night she was never too tired for that.
Every organization has a Harassment policy.
Every person has the ability to demonstrate compassion to a stranger.
Every person is the king of the castle in their own home.
Every person requires a driving license before they are allowed to drive.
Every possible inquiry was made, and every place was searched.
Every school child knows that six is three times two
Every seaside resort has them.
Everybody carries a mobile phone nowadays
Everybody else quickly vanishes too.
Everybody has been very kind to me.
Everybody is disgusted with his pride.
Everybody seemed to be in it!
Everyone has a desire to be liked, it's perfectly natural.
Everyone has their own unique quirks.
Everyone here has watched at least one harry potter movie.
Everyone here is paid a fixed wage.
Everyone is broke in January.
Everyone loves to experience their individualism. No one is exactly the same.
Everyone may choose whatever gift they like.
Everyone should have access to basic health-care.
Everyone should regularly monitor their credit rating.
Everyone's life is a unique story worthy of remembering.
Everything depended, you see, on my guess proving right.
Everything held in confusion and indecision until then!
Everything is for the best in this best of all possible worlds.
Everything postponed to that imaginary time!
Everything pretty smooth now, I trust?
Everything seemed to be bought and nothing to be sold there.
Everything seems to happen on Tuesday.
Everything was as public and above-board as a charity bazaar.
Everything was working smoothly, better than I had expected.
Everything’s against me.
Exactly what is it you want?
Exceedingly true, sir.
Excellent, just come on through to the kitchen.
Except where I have moved it about to make more room, miss.
Excessive heat had warped the motherboard.
Excitement was gaining upon her.
Exciting times are the lot of the fish patrol.
Exemplary, the teacher beamed, awarding Karen an A.
Exercise and diet can restore vitality.
Exercise caution in your business affairs, for the world is full of trickery.
Exerting excess pressure could damage the equipment.
Exo-skeletons are being introduced in the commercial space especially warehouses.
Exorbitant house prices would inhibit people joining the housing ladder.
Experience had taught her what happened when he got upset.
Experts conceive autonomous vehicles will come to wherever you are on demand.
Experts recommend robots should not be gendered to avoid promoting harmful stereotypes.
Experts recommend robots should not be gendered to avoid promoting harmful stereotypes..
Explainability in machine learning models help us understand how it came to a decision.
Exports are constrained by import levies at the destination.
Extensive repairs are necessary to the whole structure.
Extraordinarily he survived the crash.
Extraordinary daring — that was one of the qualities of my criminal.
Extrinsic factors like the economy, culture and social media have an effect on business.
Fail to plan, and you Prepare to fail.
Fairy lights are a very popular decoration for a Christmas tree
Fake news has recently become an area of great public concern
Fallacious or dissembling arguments.
False alarms were horrifyingly common during the Cold War.
False anti-vax campaigns are risking the safety of children.
Fame is not all it's cracked up to be.
Familiarity with a system allows a person to be intuitive with another system.
Famine had been my great ally.
Fans were beating down the door at the launch of the first iPhone.
Far from it.
Fast, but endure.
Fat in the middle and thin on the top.
Father Christmas is the traditional English name for the personification of Christmas
Faults on both sides, no doubt.
Feather!’ the Sheep cried again, taking more needles.
Featuring a slate mansard roof.
February was the coldest month of the year.
Feel towards you as you would like me to feel.
Feeling the greatest fool on earth, I opened the gate and rang the bell.
Fei fell in love and wanted to marry her only real friend.
Fewer people are subscribing to our channel.
Fibre optics enable ultra-fast internet.
Fifty assorted sweets.
Fifty yards ahead of her were the first of the rocks.
Fifty-two percent is hardly a massive majority, she objected
Fight against this.
Figs are more versatile than you might think
Finally a sergeant told her to go away.
Finals are next week and I'm panicking.
Find me a bed and breakfast nearby.
Find me a blueprint for building stable software.
Find me a short stay lodging in Bristol.
Find me accommodation closest to the exhibition center.
Find me an accredited local electrician.
Find the company directly on Google instead.
Fingers crossed!
Fingers touch my forehead — now they touch my cheek — now they touch my throat!
Fintech is short for Financial Technology.
Fiona and Jamie were engaged to be married.
Fiona is a Buddhist.
Firefighters are heroes.
First of all, he asked Miss Lucas.
First segment the unit of work.
First there was that mix-up about the prize-giving.
First things first.
First you boil the spuds, then you mash them.
First you need to square x, and then take the cube root.
First, our father was drawn in — slowly.
First, there was an accomplice in the house — perhaps two.
Fish and chips is a very traditional British meal
Fishing for bass is tough.
Fitted carpets are more popular than hardwood flooring
Five dozen rifles and a dozen pistols.
Five minutes to three!
Five surprised faces looked up from a round table.
Fixing me with a glittering eye, like the Ancient Mariner.
Fizzy drinks often have a lot of sugar and are bad for your teeth
Flights within Europe are cheap.
Floppy disks used to get easily corrupted.
Fluorescent lamps have now largely been superseded
Fly the flag.
Foghorns are deafeningly loud.
Follow the right exit under the bridge.
Football managers devise the perfect strategy for their team.
Footnotes have been provided.
For God's sake, say no more of his partners.
For Helene gave her a look, a smile of reassurance.
For I look at another of your questions.
For I was thinking desperately of what I had found in Scudder’s pocket-book.
For a few moments he ate in silence.
For a full half minute Jeanne looked at him without speaking.
For a full minute he crouched and listened.
For a full minute the two men stared into each other's face.
For a little while they are silent.
For a long while he held out.
For a minute or two Alice stood silent, watching him.
For a moment all could see it — livid, swollen, unhuman.
For a moment he stared into his face — paralysed by fear.
For a moment she held her so.
For a moment she tottered; then she stood firm.
For a moment the girl's shoulders worked, her hands fluttered.
For a moment the men in the passage held their breath.
For a moment the shock of horror stunned her.
For a much longer time Lop-Ear and I remained and watched.
For a time the exciting thrill of his adventure was gone.
For all I knew half those boxes might be dynamite.
For all intents and purposes.
For all the while they lay safe in this cache.
For always there will be greater and lesser persons than yourself.
For an hour or two I watched it from a pit of heather.
For an instant he saw Pierre drawn like a silhouette against the sky.
For apart from her happiness, her own, it seemed, was at stake too.
For at times, no doubt, he is wrong too.
For certain grave reasons his tale must wait for four hours.
For everything, there is a season.
For fifty pounds he had seen his mother that day.
For generations, our families have lived here.
For half an hour they ransacked the mill.
For he has his pictures, ancient and modern.
For he seldom betrayed himself.
For he's too old to be your boy, ma'am.
For heaven's sake, don't you start butting in.
For her own sake, she must carry it off tonight with success.
For himself, he frankly admitted that he did not.
For his hand touched the bandage over her mouth — tentatively.
For in the face of all aridity and disenchantment
For in this house, gentlemen, we have nothing more to do.
For it was at creating just this very impression that she aimed.
For it's quite impossible that I can put my papers away.
For lunch, they had toad-in-the-hole followed by Eton mess
For many minutes the storm raged.
For me it was impossible, whereas for her it was easy.
For more details, please see overleaf
For my research project I want to explore in detail why people get cancer.
For myself, once I got my wind back, I was rather glad than otherwise.
For pity's sake, lay off.
For some not inconsiderable time, I gather, sir.
For somewhere upon the road close to Geneva he met the carriage.
For such countries nothing remained but reorganization.
For that reason Le Beau had chosen him to fight the big fight.
For the convenience of our customers we accept contactless payment.
For the first time in his life he was yearning for a scrap.
For the last time she laced the girl's dress.
For the moment he was off his balance.
For the murder of Marthe.
For the rest, he was a mere automaton.
For the room had very little information to give him.
For the second time that day his professional calm deserted him.
For the twentieth time that evening the two men shook hands.
For they search very carefully.
For twenty minutes I sat there, wondering what I was to do next.
For two hours not a word passed between them.
For what reason did Harry concern himself in this affair?
For while he mingled in many circles, he stood aloof from all.
For you would have forbidden me to use your name.
For your information.
For, as I say, I hated her.
Foraging for scrap metal has become a profitable business for some.
Forests are decreasing due to industrial scale deforestation.
Forget and forgive all round!
Forget my own name next.
Forgive and forget.
Formula one drivers train to be physically healthy to increase their endurance.
Formula one racing is performed by highly skilled drivers.
Fortunately Wednesday is one of his days.
Fortunately it is not far.
Fortunately, our relationship has never needed the intervention of a Marriage Counsellor.
Fortunately, the bleeding has stopped.
Fortunately, the rates of deaths in the United Kingdom have reduced
Fortunately, they were able to extend their lease.
Fortunately, too, there was rain yesterday evening.
Fortunately, we have experienced no downtime this month.
Four Fortune Five Hundred companies are headquartered in this city.
Four pounds if he’s an ounce.
Frame a wish and gratify it, my daughter.
Francois spoke with a thick accent.
Frank played a pivotal role in turning around the company back to profitability.
Frankie forgave Chris what she owed.
Frankly, Hannay, I don’t believe that part of his story.
Frankly, I was shocked by the unfortunate young prune's appearance.
Free is not in my vocabulary.
Free samples are available at the Welcome Desk.
Free, is not in this shop keepers lexicon.
Fresh cases, still able to walk, they clustered about the spokesman.
Fresh meat they failed to obtain.
Friday is my favourite day of the week, when I go to the pub
From concept to reality, we work hard to deliver your needs.
From conception to inception the plan went seamlessly.
From my earliest recollection my sleep was a period of terror.
From now on we're pals.
From that moment his friendship for Belize turns to hatred and jealousy.
From the beginning of time.
From the first I was sure of that.
From the middle or from the end — what does it matter?
From the outside came the faint clucking of hens in the warm sun.
From the source of light a harsh voice said.
From the time when he was left in the loft-room, he vanished.
From there I looked back, and saw that I was still undiscovered.
From these agreeable reflections he was shaken.
From this data, we can extrapolate what will happen next.
From this or from any hotel in the town?
Fuel prices are leveling out.
Full details are included in the appendices.
Full tide at ten.
Fully a tumblerful, sir.
Fun ways with whipped cream.
Fun with flags.
Fundamentally changing an industry quickly, leaves little time to adapt.
Future generations will interact with the digital world by voice.
Future medical sensors will be implantable.
Gabby and I would like to announce we are getting married!.
Gad, do I remember it.
Gad, your letter came just in time.
Games consoles have contributed to the advancement of graphics card performance.
Gary fell ill and is on sick leave.
Gene analysis can be instrumental in predicting the likelihood of cancer and other diseases.
Genealogy, otherwise known as family history, is an extremely popular hobby
General George will help us out.
General burst of cousinly indignation.
Generally, what kind of man?
Geneva is a good city to hide in.
Gently rock the cradle to put the baby to sleep.
Geoff always got annoyed when people spelt his name Jeff.
Geoffrey Hinton is known as the godfather of artificial intelligence.
George, I am ashamed of you!
George, I couldn't have believed you would have done it!
George, having folded the letter, walks in that direction.
Get down and dig in.
Get him to distribute prizes.
Get on your bicycle and go off to the Chief Constable.
Get run over by a steam-roller or something?
Get started as an entrepreneur using backing from family or friends.
Get well soon!
Ginger cake is my favourite.
Girls go potty over a public man.
Give her a break!
Give it a name.
Give me a drink, Bertie.
Give me an example
Give me that coat of yours.
Give me that telegraph form and pencil.
Give me the key of the back door.
Give the word, and I'll sell off every morsel.
Give them their choice between a fine or an official whipping.
Give us a kiss, my pet.
Give yourself a pat on the back, you deserve it.
Glad you're back at last.
Glinda is a good Witch, isn't she? asked the child.
Global tech giants are investing heavily.
Globalization works both ways. Technology has advanced this far because of it.
Globally Microsoft is currently the highest valued company.
Glory be to God on high.
Go all in when you learn something, as opposed to half-heartedly.
Go and live there yourself.
Go and see what he is doing.
Go away, you crazy loon!
Go before me and show me all those dreadful places.
Go forth, Jeeves, and scour the neighbourhood.
Go into my study, and you will see two doors facing you.
Go on to the next!
Go on to the next.
Go on with the next verse.
Go on, Mademoiselle.
Go on, Mr Hannay.
Go on, my friend.
Go on, old girl, go on!
Go placidly amid the noise and the haste
Go the extra mile.
Go to her and make it up.
Go to it, lad. What's that stuff you're eating?
Go to school, young man, or you will face a truancy charge!
God bless 'em, I hope I'll go on seeing them forever.
God bless my soul, ring the bell, then.
God forbid!
God forbid! I hope it doesn't come to that.
God rest ye merry, gentlemen.
Godfather and godson do credit to one another.
Goes out pretty well every day, don't she?
Going from my affluent area to downtown was a complete culture shock.
Going through customs is such a hassle.
Going to make some scrambled egg.
Going to work in a car share is a good way to save money.
Golly, what a family!
Gone to bed, eh?
Good Friday is the Friday before Easter.
Good business man, Curly, O'Brien was saying.
Good data has become a precious commodity.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen of the press.
Good gracious, what's that?
Good gracious, who is the man?
Good heavens, no.
Good heavens, you must be mad, sir!
Good in the essentials of life, that is to be understood.
Good morning, I'd like to book a holiday.
Good nutrient absorption is essential for a healthy body.
Good point! well made.
Good technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Good things come in small packages.
Good things come to those who wait.
Good thinking, thanks!
Goodbye, Pierre, he shouted.
Gooey chocolate fudge.
Gosh, I'm thirsty.
Got any matches?
Got them from the gentleman that was here last year for the shooting.
Government-controlled media is never a reliable source of information.
Governments have a hard job of keeping everyone happy.
Grab your pitchforks!
Gracefully surrendering the things of youth.
Gradually we get older and weaker.
Graduates have high-level skills and high-growth opportunities.
Graham rushed over to H block, sweating profusely.
Grand Central Station is a subway terminal in New York.
Grandfather immediately throws the cushion at her.
Grandfather inquired of Judy, Bart's twin sister.
Grandfather stretches out both hands to embrace him.
Grandfather was slowly rubbing his legs.
Grandma and grandad were always very encouraging.
Grandparents have many anecdotes.
Granny and grandpa loved playing with their grandchildren.
Graphene is a recent break-through material.
Graphics designers are creative and imaginative.
Greaseproof paper is very useful for wrapping sandwiches
Great minds think alike.
Gregson had left the outer door slightly ajar.
Gregson had seated himself under the lamp and was sharpening a pencil.
Gregson held a lighted match until it burnt his fingertips.
Gregson shoved back his chair and rose to his feet.
Gregson was asleep when he re-entered the cabin.
Gridley, a disappointed suitor, has been here today and has been alarming.
Grit had got trapped under the tread of my boots.
Grovel, and the best of them get uppish.
Guacamole with coriander.
Guilty as charged.
Gussie had been complaining of thirst.
Gussie looked up. His eye was dull.
Gussie shot in, and I heard the key turn.
Gussie turned to the bearded bloke.
Gussie was in here, was he?
Gussie's face twisted.
Gussie's reply was to waggle his eyebrows.
Gussie, I was sorry to see, didn't like him.
Gussie, as he joined our little group, seemed upset about something.
Gussie, for example, as we have seen, babbles of syncopated newts.
Habeas corpus is a very ancient principle of the common law
Habits die hard, but they do change.
Had it struck squarely it would have killed him.
Had you any other contributions for him?
Had you known him long?
Had you seen her before?
Haddock is one of my least favourite fishes
Hadn't you better say two fifty?
Haiti is still recovering from a natural disaster.
Half a staircase separated second and third.
Half the married men you meet began by talking about the sunset.
Halfway around the track one donkey got into an argument with its rider.
Hanaud clapped him on the shoulder.
Hanaud glanced at him with a look of commiseration.
Hanaud lighted a cigar.
Hanaud listened, but he neither agreed nor denied.
Hanaud reached out for the matches and lit a cigarette.
Hanaud shrugged his shoulders: "How can I say?"
Hanaud stretched out his hand and shook Ricardo's warmly.
Hanaud, for his part, asked for no reply from him.
Hand me a sock or two, will you?
Hang on! Something just occurred to me.
Hannah weighed only five pounds at birth.
Hans hurled himself upon the prostrate man, striking madly with his fists.
Happily the drunken herd provided a diversion.
Happily there were few people about and no one tried to stop me.
Happily, we are seeing a decline in knife crime.
Harder than I could have supposed you would be.
Hardly were our plans made public before we were met by powerful opposition.
Hark the Herald Angels sing.
Harrison is still my chauffeur.
Harrods food hall is on the ground floor
Harry Bancroft, Dave lied.
Harry at Ricardo's elbow uttered a stifled cry.
Harry disappeared; and this time he left the door open.
Harry groaned aloud; we have lost him.
Harry had gone upstairs.
Harry had no idea of it himself.
Harry has always been very good at assessing risk
Harry looked up drearily like one who has lost heart.
Harry meanwhile had thrown himself into a chair.
Harry nodded his head in a despairing assent.
Harry returned to the rooms.
Harry sat slowly down.
Harry snatched his hands away from before his face.
Harry sprang up from his chair in desperation.
Harry stood at his elbow.
Harry talked dashed nonsense, did he?
Harry was laughing hysterically, like a man off his head.
Harry was looking carefully after Celia, as a good lover should.
Harry was sitting on the verandah.
Harry's white face twitched.
Harry, however, had made up his mind for good and all.
Harry, however, started to his feet.
Has Jeeves lost his grip?
Has Miss Summerson lost both her parents?
Has Mr. Tulkinghorn any idea of this himself?
Has anybody asked the gay communities their opinion?
Has everybody had something to eat?
Has he been talking about newts?
Has he so little pity or compunction?
Has she been messaging you?
Has she proffered her official advice?
Has the difficulty grown easier because of so many failures?
Has there been any circumstance where you fell ill drinking bad water?
Hasn't she come clustering round you yet?
Hassles can be overcome with some patience and a deep breath.
Haste makes waste.
Hatred and murder and lust for revenge they possessed to overflowing.
Hatta looked round and nodded, and went on with his bread and butter.
Have a good sleep honey.
Have a good trip back.
Have a little compassion on my nerves.
Have many people been kind to the children?
Have no misgivings.
Have patience and all will come right.
Have some lovely moist sponge cake.
Have the builders said when they expect to complete the work?
Have the defendants been indicted yet?
Have these clothes shrunk, or have I gained weight?
Have they got the murderer?
Have to go; phone out of charge.
Have two kids and four bears in bed with me.
Have you and Jeeves had a row?
Have you anything new to communicate, officer?
Have you anything to say to me?
Have you anything to sell?
Have you been having a drink?
Have you been here ever since?
Have you brought a packed lunch? he asked
Have you changed your mind?
Have you come merely to say so?
Have you ever been to Cairo?
Have you ever earned a dollar by your own labour.
Have you ever made a speech, Bertie?
Have you ever seen James Cagney in the movies?
Have you ever thought that?
Have you ever tried a Jam Donut?
Have you ever tried ice skating?
Have you ever tried racing on a Segway?
Have you ever used a dating app?
Have you fed the unicorns today?
Have you got her left hand, Helene?
Have you got what it takes?
Have you heard of The Road Less Travelled?
Have you heard of it, either of you?
Have you heard of the base rate fallacy?
Have you heard the Brahms symphonies?
Have you heard this limerick?
Have you locked the door, Jeeves?
Have you made any new discoveries?
Have you met Sophia and Ed? said Sue.
Have you money for your lodging?
Have you nearly concluded your argument?
Have you no delicacy, no proper feeling?
Have you nothing to tell me about Angela?
Have you noticed any woman with her and her companion lately?
Have you read Alice in Wonderland?
Have you read the terms and conditions?
Have you saved the logo as a vector file?
Have you seen her sideways, Bertie?
Have you set up a placeholder for the photograph?
Have you switched it off and on again?
Have you tasted the soup here?
Have you told Katherine about the opportunity?
Have you tried it?
Have you tried rebooting it?
Haven't you read the Highway Code?
Having said this, have you anything else to say, mademoiselle?
Having thought a bit, he looked up again and resumed.
He accidentally put his driving licence in the dustbin
He accosted me on the street.
He addresses this to the astounded Tony, who admits the soft impeachment.
He adores his dog
He advanced to the bed mysteriously on the tips of his toes.
He advised throwing in the towel.
He after all was quite wrong — not to hold his tongue.
He alone seemed to feel no disappointment at the man's oversight.
He also contended that better confidence was established by carrying no weapons.
He also trashed the house before leaving.
He always commiserated the competitors as a show of good sportsmanship.
He always kept plenty of banknotes in his wallet
He always played the tune.
He always touched his hat when she came out of the house.
He always used his sharpest secateurs for pruning his roses
He appeared anxious to confide in me.
He appeared to enjoy beyond everything the sound of his own voice.
He appreciated what his mate had been doing.
He arranged in his mind the interrogatory which was to take place.
He asked if he could borrow her umbrella for an hour or two
He asked me for the introduction, and I gave it.
He asked the travel agent whether she had a printed holiday brochure
He asked to be excused
He became a bookkeeper, and was then elected as an alderman.
He became adept at his work.
He became fevered again.
He began to feel the danger of paying Elizabeth too much attention.
He began to follow the footprints of the dog.
He begged pardon for having displeased her.
He begins to revive almost as soon as it passes his lips.
He bent his wise brows on the assembly.
He betrayed nothing but surprise.
He bit his tongue, and cursed himself at this fresh break.
He blew across the top of the milk bottle
He boiled himself some coffee and sat down to wait.
He bore an animosity towards the deceased gentleman.
He bore no grudges and had few enemies.
He bought most of his shoes from the shopping centre
He bowed to her with a genuine deference.
He broke out into a paroxysm of coughing.
He brushed it off once more.
He brushed it off.
He buried his face again in his hands and groaned aloud.
He buried his face for a moment in his hands.
He buried his face in his hands.
He burst into a laugh.
He called for the bill and paid it.
He called for the bill.
He called it a helmet, though it certainly looked much more like a saucepan.
He called to the waiter and ordered dinner.
He came back at midday with the Scotsman.
He came back in ten minutes with a long face.
He came back nicely and carried on.
He came back to it early this morning.
He came back to the window.
He came back with news that both puzzled and reassured me.
He came down with a bout of flu.
He came first a year ago, and revealed himself to Jeanne.
He came home drenched in his T-Shirt.
He came in and spoke to the porter.
He came in and stood breathing asthmatically.
He came into the room with an air of importance.
He came on his bicycle.
He came stepping gaily into the room, more elfish than ever.
He came up with multiple strategies.
He can care for himself.
He can't be expected to know much of such a labyrinth.
He can't go too fast for me.
He can't say better than that, Esther, can he?
He cannot be sure.
He cannot get it out of his head.
He carefully took the handle of the door, and turned it.
He carried his money in his bumbag
He carried in his hand a piece of thin, strong whipcord.
He carried it over to the light of the open window.
He carried that cushion back and replaced it.
He caught her as she fell.
He caught himself with a jerk.
He ceased, and, grabbing out, missed me by a hair's breadth.
He certainly was not active in it.
He chafes and goads me!
He changed his seat for a steamer reclining chair.
He chewed his lip.
He chortled in his joy.
He chose to do the latter.
He chuckled as he pulled out his pipe and began filling it.
He claimed he never touched the cookie jar.
He claims that he can understand what his dog is saying
He climbed into the car.
He closely resembled Elvis.
He clutched the thatch.
He compared it with the handwriting upon the card.
He confessed that the sketch had startled him.
He considered the victory already his and stepped forward to the meat.
He continued to believe that twenty-one was a prime number
He cooked up the story overnight.
He coughed up like an officer and a gentleman.
He could feel a new stir in the land.
He could never resist a bad pun.
He couldn't blow the skin off a rice pudding.
He couldn't tell me the difference between Scots and Scottish
He couldn’t stop laughing.
He crashed and burned
He creatively crafted an elegant statue of an eagle.
He crept on tiptoe to his side.
He cried in such genuine dismay that she broke into hearty laughter.
He cried, and swung the club wildly.
He cries like the hobgoblin in the story.
He crosses with her and begs.
He cruelly rejected the applicant.
He dashed across the room.
He deluged me, overwhelmed me with argument.
He descended and spent a quarter of an hour with the Commissaire.
He describes it over and over again.
He destroyed everything that had belonged to the woman.
He detained the girl.
He did a fantastic job despite it not being his Forte.
He did a sort of twiddly on the turf with his foot.
He did not believe in the burning of daylight for such a luxury.
He did not know that by rejecting the gift, it had dishonoured the family.
He did not know what went on in the minds of his superiors.
He did not mean to be deterred by the suffering written there.
He did not rush in.
He did not seem to grasp the gist.
He did not stir.
He did not strike it off, either.
He did, but — well, let us talk of some one else.
He didn't run off, or anything.
He didn't seem to have the faintest idea what was going on.
He didn't!
He didn’t begin to know how to talk.
He didn’t delay.
He dined with you once.
He dived into the indoor pool head first, making a messy splash.
He does but shrug his head.
He does his work, eats his food, and sleeps eternally!
He does me more good than anybody.
He does not stand around, twiddling his fingers and stammering.
He does not want abilities.
He doesn't have the greatest track record.
He doesn't notice me, but I notice him.
He drank of the water cautiously.
He dreamt of continuing love
He dressed like a Goth.
He drew her hands gently down.
He drew himself into an attitude of attention.
He drew in a deep breath as he looked at them.
He drew out his cigarette-case and lighted a cigarette.
He drew out his hand again.
He drives through the village.
He dropped a book.
He dropped his pseudonym and became once more Captain Harland.
He drove a classic Cobra car.
He earned extra money by renting a room in his house to a lodger
He eventually found his headphones in the larder.
He evidently did not anticipate an immediate decease.
He examined the table, he measured the distance between the chairs.
He exclaimed.
He expressed the opinion that the world was in a deplorable state.
He eyed his companion with a bloodshot eye.
He faintly wipes his forehead with his handkerchief and gasps.
He falters an awkward excuse or two for his failure.
He fancied without the slightest justification that people were pointing him out.
He fathered four children.
He fell asleep, and awoke to find Hanaud by his bed.
He fell heavily and calmly back from before her.
He felt horrible, awful, and ugly wearing his best suit.
He felt insulted that they didn't recognise him.
He felt rather overwrought the next morning.
He felt silly wearing a tie to the informal gathering.
He felt the cold creep along his spine, and shivered.
He fiendishly rubbed his hands together with an eerie smile.
He flung open the door of the car.
He flushed and made no answer.
He folded up the letter, and rose to his feet.
He found that the group didn't mix very well.
He found the coach-house door forced and the motorcar inside it.
He frantically ran to the platform before the train left.
He gargled sharply, and jumped back about five feet.
He gasped a bit.
He gave a lengthy explanation.
He gave a lengthy speech, whilst saying absolutely nothing.
He gave an apt speech at the conference.
He gave an uneasy shudder.
He gave her the cold shoulder.
He gave his card to the manager.
He gave it to the manager of the hotel.
He gave me no address, but said he was living near Portland Place.
He gave me something and called it commission.
He gave no reason, but his motive was obvious enough.
He gave one last snarl and slid from view among the trees.
He gave the door handle an apologetic rattle.
He gave the paper into the maid's hands.
He gives sound advice.
He glanced down at her helplessly, and moistened his lips.
He glanced with pity towards Harry.
He glances over his spectacles and begins again lower down.
He got a little further down than he wanted.
He got angry.
He got up slowly, and looked down at me from the hearthrug.
He greeted the young master with his customary suavity.
He grew merry again when he heard of the fate of that ass Jopley.
He had a big chimpanzee that was a winner.
He had a childlike attitude.
He had a chip on his shoulder.
He had a distinct ear piercing and a snake tattoo on his face.
He had a job for life, until he started to question the programme
He had a lot of odd biases, too.
He had a neatly shaped beard.
He had a passion for fortune-tellers and rogues of that kind.
He had a phlegmatic composure.
He had a positive attitude towards life.
He had a recurrence of his influenza.
He had a short winning streak.
He had a tough time growing up but wasn't jaded by his experiences.
He had a very stylishly landscaped back garden
He had a zeitgeist moment at the office.
He had after all not overlooked the tambourine.
He had already received his telegram.
He had an arterial blockage.
He had an epiphany on the train.
He had an unkempt beard but spoke eloquently.
He had appeared as silently, as suddenly, as any apparition.
He had at last contributed something to the history of this crime.
He had barely entered this when he saw the glow of a fire.
He had become a man very early in life.
He had been born with this endowment.
He had been foiled in his attempt to escape.
He had been guilty of a clumsiness — even he.
He had been so easy.
He had been to see us several times altogether.
He had been too easy and ready, almost as if he had expected me.
He had boils.
He had calf pain while walking.
He had come to a full stop
He had comparatively no advantages at first.
He had conservative views but tried hard to understand other perspectives.
He had curbed enthusiasm.
He had even begun to haunt the court.
He had forgotten to build a fire and thaw out.
He had fulfilled his duty and paid properly.
He had given a signal to Adele.
He had hoped to pay the sum back from a new invention.
He had indeed been thinking about it a good deal.
He had jerked the cord, but he had jerked it deliberately.
He had just arrived, and was wearily flinging down his hammer.
He had no excuse for the feelings which were aroused in him.
He had no idea what inter alia meant.
He had no other calling?
He had no scruple, no pity any longer for the girl.
He had not found himself more favoured by fortune there than here.
He had not seen her plight.
He had observed the business life of Hawaii and developed a vaulting ambition.
He had peeled off his shirt and was wildly waving it.
He had picked up most of his collection second-hand, at car boot sales
He had proved it today, with his amateurish and sophomoric productions.
He had really some touch of genius, and he cultivated it assiduously.
He had repaired an omission.
He had said that he had eyes like a hawk.
He had spent a perfect afternoon with his mother.
He had started confident.
He had supplied knowledge to the omniscient.
He had the news then that Marthe was on her way.
He had to fly economy class, as he wasn't able to afford business class
He had to warm himself by the electric fire
He had too busy a time of it.
He had tried his luck at the tables and had failed.
He had typed the letter thoughtfully.
He had uncovered a small, flat, rectangular tablet.
He had undoubtedly become embarrassingly personal.
He had used her, Celia, as an instrument for his crime.
He had worshiped her, as Dante might have worshiped Beatrice.
He hadn't the least.
He handed it to me at once and quite naturally.
He has a large collection of classical concert programmes
He has a licence to shoot pheasants with his twelve-bore
He has a mountain to climb
He has a strong forehead.
He has always something to say to everybody.
He has an aspiration of being amongst the first colony of people on Mars.
He has been at it all day.
He has been doing so ever since it fell dark.
He has been here since yesterday.
He has been so short a time with you.
He has cholesterol buildup to his coronary artery.
He has coronary heart disease.
He has early onset fatigue.
He has got a power over me.
He has hypertension.
He has left no trace.
He has lost his grip completely.
He has much to tell you, but not today.
He has never missed a day before.
He has no idea of the value of money.
He has no risk factors.
He has none, and no anger.
He has often boasted to me of his triumphs on the wheel.
He has only just come home.
He has openly mentioned it in many places.
He has pulmonary fibrosis.
He has the confidence of the very bricks and mortar.
He has the stuff in gobs, but he hates giving up.
He has time before him, and the race to run.
He has to run to earth now before he is seen.
He hasn't forgotten the appointment, I hope?
He hasn't got a father.
He hasn't had a square meal for years.
He heard a sound which brought him quickly into consciousness of day.
He heard, too, a warning "Hush!"
He held the door open while she got into the cab.
He hesitated for a moment as he glanced over what was written.
He hid all manner of things away, everywhere.
He hid behind the curtain, looking out.
He hoped that she wouldn't refuse his proposal
He hurried to the driver's seat.
He imagined a jury uttering the word "Guilty."
He inspected the photograph for a moment with growing gloom.
He is a candidate, rising from the serf class to our class.
He is a capable and credible researcher.
He is a child, you know!
He is a climate change sceptic. Good grief!
He is a cousin, several times removed.
He is a man of attainments and of captivating manners.
He is a master of illusion.
He is a very eccentric person.
He is a very good speaker.
He is a wonderful, brilliant and funny comedian.
He is a young man of perhaps thirty, with smooth, black hair.
He is always vigilant and always near me.
He is an Expatriate.
He is an arbiter.
He is an arbitrator.
He is an expert cyclist.
He is an expert on this topic.
He is an honourable, obstinate, truthful, high-spirited, intensely prejudiced, perfectly unreasonable man.
He is an international superstar.
He is called among the neighbours the Lord Chancellor.
He is considered, in the profession, a respectable man?
He is driving it in broad daylight.
He is fairly frail nowadays, and has to walk with a walking frame
He is gone.
He is hiding at my place.
He is indifferent to everything but his calling.
He is like his sister.
He is luxuriating in a misplaced confidence.
He is mad as some March hatters.
He is not a candidate.
He is not all right otherwise?
He is not at all liked in Hertfordshire.
He is not proposing to run again, is he?
He is not to blame.
He is not very well tonight.
He is on his holiday.
He is quite clear that he had better not.
He is reserved and serious, which is a further mark of respectability.
He is still asleep, and nothing is astir.
He is such a cheery fellow.
He is the Duke of Edinburgh.
He is the German business man that gives your English papers the shakes.
He is the cleverest of the French detectives.
He is the man that has wrecked all their games.
He is the strongest candidate.
He is too keenly intelligent, too sharply sensitive, successfully to endure.
He is very like his sister.
He is very likely at Marseille by now.
He it was that lived to found the family of the Patino.
He joked in a puerile manner.
He jumped a bit at the sight of me.
He jumped in his chair.
He jumped over the crash barrier, and escaped across the fields
He just calmly waited for me to come back.
He just loves being the center of attention.
He just seems to be spouting hot air.
He keeps me on a constant see-saw.
He keeps some clothes here, for he comes regular on the week-ends.
He keeps very close to him.
He kept and wanted to keep a foot in each.
He knelt on the ground beside the doctor.
He knew it now.
He knew my name, but he had never seen me before.
He knew the woman-criminal of his country — brutal, passionate, treacherous.
He knew what taboos he was violating.
He knows that the murder is discovered.
He knows that very well.
He knows where his bread is buttered.
He laid his hand on his shoulder.
He laughed amusedly.
He laughed at things like dyed hair and false beards and such childish follies.
He laughed heartily and answered, "No."
He laughed heartily, sir.
He laughed heartily.
He laughed hollowly.
He laughed immoderately at his joke.
He lay in bed from dawn to dusk.
He leaned his elbows on the table and bent forward.
He leaned on his axe and thought a moment.
He leant back with an extraordinary look of perplexity upon his face.
He leaped like a lamb in springtime.
He leapt again, and the club caught him once more.
He leapt in the air when he heard the news.
He left Ricardo profoundly disturbed.
He left a bundle of old letters.
He left it dead, and with its head he went galumphing back.
He left only a few moments ago.
He lifted a trembling forefinger and pointed.
He lifted a warning finger and said gravely, "Be very careful."
He lifted his eyes, and a strange cry burst from his lips.
He lifted his finger to his lips.
He lit a cigarette and took his time.
He little knew, about summed up what I was thinking.
He lived a life of celibacy.
He lived for it, married it, died of it.
He lived in the city.
He lives up the hill, at eight Grange Park
He locked up the slips of paper in his letter case.
He looked at Ricardo in amazement at his audacity.
He looked at Ricardo's crestfallen face and smiled.
He looked at his watch and rose to his feet.
He looked at his watch, "it is past ten o'clock".
He looked at it carefully for a few moments.
He looked at me with a fishy eye and yawned.
He looked at the handkerchief more closely
He looked at the handkerchief more, closely.
He looked at the marks thoughtfully.
He looked at the young man pityingly.
He looked closely and discovered the forger had changed a V to a W.
He looked for a long time at the destroyer.
He looked into the eyes of his companions.
He looked like a tramp that had bought his jumper at a jumble sale
He looked like one who had passed through an uncomfortable hour or two.
He looked once more about the room.
He looked presentable at the interview but struggled to convey his words.
He looked resplendent in his dinner jacket
He looked robust in body.
He looked round the room and shook his head.
He looked upon himself from the outside.
He loved his comfortable old slippers.
He loved to play Chinese lottery.
He loved to ruffle a few feathers.
He loved, but pleaded another's cause.
He loves Angela, I tell you.
He loves classic cars, and keeps several Mercedes in his garage
He made a damaging effect, and has great influence.
He made a divisive move and lost friends in the process.
He made a pause to suppress a groan.
He made a weary gesture.
He made his fortune in the petroleum business.
He made me an offer I couldn't well refuse.
He made no reply as he waited for Whittemore to continue.
He made quite a sister of me.
He made sure that the magazine was loaded, and resumed his paddling.
He marvelled at his mother’s hardness.
He may anticipate the day of his death.
He may be at Marseille today.
He may desire to escape pain, or to enjoy pleasure.
He may have lost, but he will always be the people's champ.
He means nothing by it and thinks nothing of it.
He measured the table with his troubled hands.
He merely shrugged his shoulders.
He might hit their mother again.
He might overlook her, perhaps!
He miraculously walked away from the crashed vehicle.
He moved away as quietly as he had come.
He moved his plate, too, over the letter as he wrote it.
He moved his position, and the illusion was gone.
He mumbled obliviously as the battle raged around him.
He must either be up or out.
He must endure gibes and humiliations like a schoolboy in a class.
He must simply let it ride.
He nearly got me on the top landing.
He never converses when not professionally consulted.
He never has what you would call a regular breakfast.
He never managed to get the hang of drawing hands.
He never mentioned that you were lovers.
He never spelt it out.
He never takes any pleasure, which is another mark of respectability.
He nodded his head sullenly.
He nodded his head, and going into the room took them away.
He nodded sympathetically, and beckoned Ricardo past the window.
He nodded to her with a friendly smile.
He nods intelligence, and acquiescence.
He obeyed the pressure of her hand.
He objected to their being worn.
He only does them when he’s happy.
He only shook his head.
He opened his eyes a little.
He opened the door and turned back to the nurse.
He opened the door immediately.
He opened the door wider, and now he saw.
He ordered a tennis racket and a squash racket from Amazon.
He ought to consider it included in the rent.
He ought to make inquiries.
He ought to quit worrying about it.
He owed money in town, money at his hotel.
He owed us immense sums all round.
He passed out of the room.
He passed the exam on the second attempt
He passes close by them, seeing nothing but the ground.
He patted my shoulder and hurried me into his car.
He paused a little, biting his lip.
He paused, and beamed rather freely, to show that this was comedy.
He pauses, but she makes no reply.
He performed ablution before prayers.
He photographed her in a very flattering light.
He placed his paw on one, and its movements were accelerated.
He plainly wavered.
He plodded on for half an hour, when the hallucination arose again.
He pointed out the flaw in his brother’s argument.
He pointed solemnly to the ground.
He pointed to a messenger who was walking towards them.
He polishes my shoes for me every week.
He preferred polo necks rather than V-neck jumpers
He prefers to hold his trousers up with braces rather than a belt
He produced a brown kid glove from his pocket.
He produced the key and unlocked the door.
He protested earnestly, fearing lest the maid should become an enemy.
He published a scathing critique of the whole genre.
He pulled a sickie.
He pulled it off and showed 'em me.
He pulled out in front of a car and narrowly avoided it.
He pulled, and the log crashed down to break his back.
He put his arm through hers.
He put the question with his most serious air.
He put the scones on the hotplate, and the cake in the oven
He puts on full speed and goes straight out of the town.
He quivered like a mousse.
He quivered noticeably, and his mouth twisted.
He raced up the steep incline.
He raised a warning hand.
He raised his eyebrows.
He raised his hand.
He raised one of his.
He ran down the garden steps to the gate.
He ran home and came running back again.
He ran up the steps into the hotel.
He read aloud the number of steps in the different stairs.
He read his fragments aloud.
He read it through slowly.
He really is a bit of an anorak
He received us very affectionately, and we sat down.
He reflected a minute or two.
He regretted not having made himself clearer.
He relinquished the bank rather than play against that note.
He remained single as a lifestyle choice.
He remains in his chambers, clouded and depressed.
He remembered some words spoken by a stranger.
He repeated the question, with some surprise at her silence.
He replaced his measure in his pocket.
He replaced the sheet and gazed about the room.
He responded with apathy.
He resumed them immediately after your departure.
He retires to his former place.
He returned in five minutes with a whitish face.
He returned to his companions.
He returned to the verandah wondering what he should do.
He returned with a canvas bag, into which Hanaud placed the jewel-cases.
He richly deserved his reputation.
He rose and held out his hands.
He rose from his bed.
He rose up and looked wildly at Celia.
He rose with a gesture of resignation.
He rubbed his head and walked about with good-humoured vexation.
He runs up to verify his telegram.
He said something about my schemes which I did not catch.
He said that was very doubtful.
He said, yes, he was here.
He sat at the table.
He sat by the corpse all night, weeping in bitter earnest.
He sat down at the table.
He sat down in the chair which he had placed for himself.
He sat there consuming all the knowledge of the library every week.
He sat up all night, without sleep, trying to write and study
He sat up with a jerk.
He sat with unease as the deadline approached.
He saw Jeanne falter for a moment.
He saw a brightly lit bedroom with a made bed.
He saw all men in the business game doing this.
He saw her before she recovered consciousness.
He saw her now clearly, and thought her of an entrancing loveliness.
He saw me and stopped short.
He saw only the effect in a general, sketchy way.
He says he bought him of Jacques Le Beau.
He scarcely seemed to be the prisoner.
He scored a phenomenal goal.
He scored a treble.
He seemed impressed by my eloquence.
He seemed interested.
He seemed quite delighted with it on my account.
He seemed somewhat taken aback.
He seemed stunned.
He seemed to dismiss the admission from his mind.
He seemed to fill it with his tremendous vitality.
He seemed to have taken an immediate fancy to the lad.
He seems half inclined for another voyage.
He seems pretty adaptable
He seems to be putting her on a pedestal.
He seems to have an unshakeable faith in his abilities.
He seized Gregson by the arm and led him to the door.
He served in the military for fourteen years.
He set up a trust fund for his only child.
He shaded his eyes with his hand.
He shall set about it tomorrow.
He shifted and shuffled in his chair.
He shivered like a man who has taken a sudden chill.
He shivered with excitement.
He shook his finger at his companions.
He shook his head gently.
He shook his head mournfully.
He should have bowed, not saluted
He should have kept silence about that pot of cream.
He shouted this so loud that Alice couldn’t help saying, ‘Hush!’
He showed laboured breathing.
He shuffled close to embrace his long lost child.
He sits there to administer the system.
He sleeps over the garage.
He slightly waved his hand and fell into his usual manner.
He slipped around the corner for a fag.
He smiled and shook his head.
He smiled rather wistfully at his friend.
He smokes gravely and marches in slow time.
He snatched his hands from his face and stood up.
He soon afterwards appeared and made us merry for an hour.
He sounds a sinister wild-fowl!
He spat it out like so much venom.
He speaks with an appearance of the utmost simplicity and candour.
He spoke a good deal about death, too.
He spoke computer jargon.
He spoke in a low, menacing voice.
He spoke in a voice which shook — surely with emotion.
He spoke now with a genuine friendliness.
He spoke regretfully and lapsed for a moment into his weary condition.
He spoke slowly, coldly.
He spoke very quietly.
He spoke with a tone of respect.
He sprang up from his chair.
He stammered and finally said, "is it really you?".
He stared at Hanaud as though he were mad.
He stared at him for a second, then smiled.
He stared at his companion for a few moments.
He stared at the window, with his mouth open.
He stares at it, aghast.
He started violently.
He stayed by the girl's side throughout the evening.
He stayed with them.
He stepped forward with a cry of revolt.
He stepped gently to the bedside and reverently uncovered the face.
He stepped out on to it, looked about him, and returned.
He stirred the Christmas pudding thoroughly.
He stood and frowned at the motor-car.
He stood aside, his face crimson, his attitude one of shame.
He stood brooding for a moment.
He stood in front of her, looking into her eyes.
He stood looking downwards, craning his head, with his back towards Ricardo.
He stood on the edge of the platform, looking out over the railway lines.
He stood stolidly and watched.
He stooped to examine the second set of marks.
He stooped to pick it up.
He stopped of his own accord and spoke to her.
He stopped sidling.
He stopped, and Philip nodded at the horrified question in his eyes.
He stops there, looks round, and beckons Jo.
He studies her at his leisure, not speaking for a time.
He stuffed his sleeping bag into his rucksack, and headed along the canal towpath
He submitted his thesis last Wednesday.
He suffers from cystic fibrosis.
He supposedly was working that day.
He swallowed to moisten his throat.
He takes up the light.
He tapped me significantly on the knee and spoke: "Bertie."
He tells it as he does it in mere simplicity.
He then begins to clear away the breakfast.
He then rang a little bell, and the young gentleman came in.
He then sat down by her, and talked scarcely to anyone else.
He then stirred the fire and left me.
He thought he saw a shudder pass through the Factor's shoulders.
He thought, quite rightly, that platypuses were mammals.
He thrust his hands in his pockets.
He told himself that as he washed himself and groomed his disheveled clothes.
He told you himself, I'll be bound, my dear?
He took a fourth bank, and rose from that, too, a loser.
He took a key from his pocket.
He took a pencil from his pocket.
He took a singularly swift step forward and stopped her.
He took a step forward.
He took his daily dose of vitamins.
He took it dully.
He took it up and spoke to the nurse.
He took little notice of it at all.
He took no notice of the interruption.
He took out his letter-case and found the telegram within it.
He took some stunning pics while we were on vacation.
He took the cushions, looked them over and shook them out.
He took the list and glanced through the items.
He took up a Continental Bradshaw from a bookshelf in the room.
He took up a second slip of paper.
He took up a sheet of paper from the table.
He tore open the envelope and sprang up from his seat.
He tore up the tickets.
He touched him on the arm and pointed to the table.
He translated the whole text into Welsh.
He travelled first by tram, then by bus
He tried to avoid the cracks when walking along the pavement
He tried to help with the ravages caused by flooding.
He tried to persuade her with a rather artificial argument
He turned a guarded face towards his friend.
He turned and sprang like lightning up the stairs.
He turned and walked back with his eyes upon the ground.
He turned in his chair towards Harry.
He turned over the pages.
He turned sharply, and faced Gregson across the table.
He turned the map to Gregson, pointing with his finger.
He turned to him with a savage grin.
He turned to his associates with his finger to his lips.
He turned to one of the officers.
He turned to the end of the letter.
He turned to the man.
He turned towards the Commissaire.
He turned towards the door.
He turned upon his heel.
He turned with a grave face to Harry.
He turned, and taking her hand into his, shook it chidingly.
He twirled his cap awkwardly and blushed.
He understands them and they understand him.
He understood my feeling and entirely shared it.
He understood the meaning of the look.
He underwent rigorous background checks before working at the company.
He unfolded a long typewritten letter, and handed it to Gregson.
He unlocked the door and went out himself on to the landing.
He unstrapped her hands and feet.
He very much enjoys being a lorry driver
He waded into the edge of the water and began scrubbing himself.
He waited for hours at the station, but the train did not arrive.
He waits to walk home with him.
He walked here, and he walked there, fancying himself so very great!
He wanted to give the finish to this foe already so far gone.
He wants to be a space explorer, good luck to him!.
He was a head shorter than his companion, of almost delicate physique.
He was a merry monarch, especially so for an Asiatic.
He was a pariah; a wanderer without a friend or a home.
He was a prominent politician.
He was a schoolmaster in his younger days.
He was a tall, heavy-looking young man.
He was a true friend in need, that old roadman.
He was a very respectable man.
He was a very versatile entertainer
He was a well-known racing cyclist.
He was a wise hyena.
He was accused of plagiarism.
He was actually rather afraid
He was agitated that evening, the woman saw.
He was alarmed by the look upon his friend's face.
He was allowed to enter, with Ricardo at his heels.
He was among the few that was passionate about the environment.
He was an ambitious young man.
He was an amiable bull, determined to make every colour scarlet.
He was an amphibian and a mountaineer.
He was an athlete and a giant.
He was an enthusiast and a desert dweller.
He was an over-worked and underpaid Engineer, it was time for something new.
He was arrogant and condescending toward his staff.
He was astonished, pleased and impressed.
He was awarded a first-class degree from the University of Cambridge
He was born in the same scrape.
He was cold and distant.
He was coming to her hand.
He was completely unapologetic.
He was contented, you will say.
He was convicted of illegal harassment.
He was convicted of presumption.
He was depressed, and was always feeling fed up.
He was determined now to maintain a more certain hold upon himself.
He was drawn to a debtors' prison.
He was driving under the influence.
He was eccentric —  he was very eccentric.
He was ever the same to me.
He was fairly twittering with excitement.
He was fond of quoting a fragment from a certain poem.
He was frowning thoughtfully.
He was full of joy and attention.
He was gobsmacked to be awarded the first prize.
He was half crank, half genius, but he was wholly honest.
He was holding a a minuscule antique copper coin.
He was holding in his hand the large, bright aluminium flask.
He was indicating left, but he turned in the opposite direction.
He was insanely driving through the narrow roads.
He was just bursting with joy, joy over what.
He was known for having a good work ethic.
He was looking about him, opening a drawer here, a wardrobe there.
He was loving it!
He was manifestly distressed by my coming.
He was mortified to be bested by a little girl.
He was my godfather, and excessively attached to me.
He was my true son.
He was no more than one of the instruments.
He was not allowed, however, to reflect upon these remarkable problems.
He was not at the villa last night.
He was not displeased with his companion's enthusiasm.
He was not fond of us.
He was not the first to seek her good graces.
He was now clasping his hands together in admiration.
He was obviously pleased with his admiration.
He was only sauntering by and stopped to chat.
He was overjoyed to see us and dismounted with great alacrity.
He was pressing beyond the limits of his vocabulary.
He was referred to the hospital.
He was remanded in custody for drink driving.
He was sacked for poor attendance.
He was searching for a telegram in answer to your advertisement.
He was seven years older than I.
He was sheer brain, icy, cool, calculating, as ruthless as a steam hammer.
He was shot last night.
He was sitting erect in her chair, violent, almost rancorous with anger.
He was sitting on the fence, as usual.
He was smoking a long clay pipe and studying the water with spectacled eyes.
He was smooth-shaven, and his hair and eyes were black.
He was so very sorry for me that he could scarcely speak.
He was speaking in a quick, agitated voice.
He was speaking very bravely.
He was standing with his round eyes staring and his mouth agape.
He was still thinking of her when the morning came.
He was stout and broad-shouldered, with a full and almost heavy face.
He was studying the history of the trade union movement
He was sure, now, of but few things.
He was surprised; but it was natural, wasn't it?
He was the associate of them both.
He was the founder of a now-defunct journal.
He was the leader, and Tudor was his lieutenant.
He was the master of the situation.
He was the national featherweight champion of ninety-six.
He was the only breadwinner of the family.
He was the soul of devotion to his employers.
He was to be away a long, long time.
He was to be construed in the comparative.
He was to conduct it.
He was to place the key on the kitchen window-sill.
He was tossed amongst dark problems.
He was trying his hardest, but kept forgetting things.
He was unable to explain why he had been drinking and driving
He was unfairly classified as an economic migrant.
He was unreasonable and unpersuadable and used intemperate language.
He was waiting uneasily, uncomfortably, until darkness should come.
He was wearing a dressing gown over his pyjamas
He was wearing gloves, she noticed with horror, just as thieves do.
He was wearing that informative look of his.
He was with them in the afternoon.
He was working every day from Monday to Friday
He was worth nothing to the world.
He was wounded in the arm.
He wasn't able to appreciate the picture’s value.
He wasn't singing.
He watched her as she went.
He watched me with a smile.
He wears a moustache, a little black moustache, and is altogether captivating.
He weighed out the sausages carefully on the scale.
He went anyway, despite my warning.
He went down in midstream, searching the shadows of both shores.
He went down the stairs with pride written upon his face.
He went over to the writing-table and opened the blotting-book.
He went to the tobacconists to buy a packet of cigarettes
He went to your rooms.
He went with them to a cafe in the evening.
He whispered in a voice of awe.
He will be glad to know!
He will be in London at five.
He will be no worse off than he was, you know.
He will be worn out soon, I expect.
He will follow us soon.
He will have his bond, my dear friend.
He will have the house watched.
He will look after you.
He will strike a match to light his pipe.
He wiped an imaginary tear from his eye.
He wished it were, but no such thing could be.
He woke to a bright, pale dawn.
He won't have a hope of declining.
He won't hold off, and he won't come on.
He wondered, too, where Roscoe was.
He won’t stand beating.
He wore a fez.
He wore a ring on his index finger.
He wore rather long trousers, with turn-ups
He works at the local magistrate’s court.
He would be gentle, he would be cunning.
He would destroy all things that are fixed.
He would first hunt up Gregson and begin his work there.
He would have placed his head in the guillotine for nothing.
He would jerk the cord unwittingly.
He would keep his faith with Gregson for the promised day or two.
He would never accept of help from me now.
He would never admit it, but he did spill the wine.
He would never forgive her.
He would not frighten her.
He would stay at home, which was what they wanted.
He wrote a letter between the courses.
He wrung Ricardo's hand.
He'll have drunk himself blind by that time.
He'll knock you off a few sticks in no time.
He'll never do a tap of work the whole Voyage.
He's a habitual latecomer, but he always does his hours.
He's always in the same scrape.
He's as tight as an owl.
He's been living it up for too long.
He's going through the terrible two's!.
He's in critical condition.
He's married, you know.
He's not really entering into the spirit of things.
He's not safe, you know.
He's still in bed.
He's such a lovable character.
He's terribly touchy about his black wards, as he calls them.
He, on the other hand, was particularly alert.
He, too, shrinks from them.
Head west toward New York.
Healthcare in the United Kingdom is provided by the National Health Service
Healthy competition is a catalyst for growth and improvement.
Hear the Indian dogs wailing down at Churchill.
Hearing aids have a feature to amplify audio to the listener.
Heart disease can be prevented with a good diet and health guidance.
Hearthrug, near the fender.
Heave a couple of sighs.
Heaven bless her and her husband!
Heaven knows what I should do next.
Heavy snowfalls that winter made the roads impassable by late February
Helen and Frances are in charge of the flower rota
Helen, can you please stop winding your sister up?
Helene drank it eagerly.
Helene is sure to understand that simple and elementary word.
Helene kept a grave and respectful face.
Helene leaned back with an air of disappointment.
Helene let her fall.
Helene replied again contemptuously.
Helene set the flask down upon the table.
Helene shuddered and covered her face spasmodically with her hands.
Helene spoke the truth.
Helene unscrewed the top and laughed pleasantly.
Helene walked calmly on.
Helene was extraordinarily slow and extraordinarily fastidious that evening.
Helene was in the plot, too.
Helene was taken by surprise.
Helene was the well-bred servant who knew her place.
Helene whispered in Celia's ear.
Helene whispered sharply.
Helene, it is not true that I am playing with her.
Helene, you are by the switch of the electric light.
Hell, that's what I want too.
Hello hello. Why is this thing not working?
Hello, I am here for my appointment booked at four o'clock.
Help! All the automated tests are failing!
Help! It's the beast from the deep.
Hence his admiration and his emulation of that shining enchanter.
Henry dived headfirst into the stream.
Her ankles were free.
Her autobiography received international recognition.
Her avarice had got the better of her hatred.
Her beautiful hair was done up in shining coils.
Her birthday is shortly after Christmas, at the beginning of January
Her body lay under the windows at the side?
Her bright quick eye catches the truth immediately.
Her brother, my dear friend —  her only relation.
Her concept album didn't work out that well.
Her confession of it corroborated all her story.
Her curiosity, however, was unexpectedly relieved.
Her cutting was simplicity itself.
Her daughter's hospital tests were negative.
Her debut album was quite stunning.
Her dress was not suited to a seance.
Her elbows were drawn firmly back and tightly bound.
Her eyes fell upon the sack and widened with terror.
Her eyes saw no one.
Her eyes shining and her little hands clasped in girlish excitement.
Her eyes smiled truth at him as he came up the bank.
Her face clouded over.
Her face grew white, her lips dry.
Her face was against his breast.
Her face was flushed and shiny, her manner peremptory and quick.
Her face was pitiful and beseeching.
Her figure begins to be expressive of some attention.
Her figure is elegant and has the effect of being tall.
Her fringe was so long that her hair got into her eyes
Her gratitude to you, Mr. Woodcourt, is delightful.
Her gray eyes were flashing, and her lips were quivering.
Her grin had betrayed her.
Her hair has a central parting
Her hair matches her outfit.
Her hand still lay clasped in his.
Her hazel eyes sparkled.
Her heart did whisper that he had done it for her.
Her jewelery shimmered.
Her last little remnant of liberty was being taken from her.
Her lips ready for the kiss!
Her lover was in her thoughts.
Her mileometer told her that she had only travelled ten miles
Her mistress kisses her on the cheek and makes no other answer.
Her mobile phone stopped working.
Her mother made money by working day and night for over a year
Her mouth opened, but instead of speaking she drew a long sigh.
Her mouth, however, and her feet were free.
Her move, but they utter nothing.
Her next appointment is in May.
Her own betrayal of herself was like tonic to Philip.
Her paw went into your eye?
Her polo neck jumper is very stylish
Her presentation was fantastic!
Her purse was of leather, with a diamante clasp.
Her report was highly favourable.
Her room was clean, but very, very bare.
Her spirit was broken by the horrors of the night's adventure.
Her spirit was broken.
Her story was not all untrue.
Her suspicions, she was sure, were still awake.
Her thin lips were kept contemptuously closed, whatever the others might admit.
Her unexpected award was really the icing on the cake
Her usually cheerful map was clouded, and the genial smile missing.
Her voice, when she spoke, was whispery: "You mean — for love?"
Her waters broke so she was taken to the maternity assessment ward.
Her white face flushed scarlet and grew white again.
Her words sent a strange chill through Philip.
Her work was already half done.
Her writing betrays her warped sense of priorities.
Here Alice ventured to interrupt him.
Here I am, you see!
Here comes Liz, back again!
Here comes the cavalry.
Here he comes now, so you can see for yourself.
Here he got a fresh thrill.
Here is an idea!
Here is an inkstand, here are pens and paper.
Here is my friend's excellent house.
Here the Red Queen began again.
Here the explosion of mirth drowned him out.
Here the other guinea-pig cheered, and was suppressed.
Here the steps were carpeted, and once more the men crept up.
Here there was every sign of violence and disorder.
Here was a sordid crime, easily understood.
Here we allow our solicitors to look after our legal work.
Here you are, yes — for the moment.
Here's an instance of how you have to think of everything.
Here's one I made earlier!.
Here's that horrible cat coming in!
Here, Richard, take my child, for goodness' sake.
Here, at any rate, I could get early news of my enemies.
Here, in the midmorning, the first casualty occurred.
Here, let me show you again.
Here, you fellows, hold him!
Hesitating causes delay.
Heuristically buns are usually sold in packs of six.
Hey! Did you see that?
Hey! This mashed potato is all grey and lumpy!
He’s an Anglo-Saxon Messenger—and those are Anglo-Saxon attitudes.
He’s just been a week at the job.
He’s my godfather, and one of the best going.
He’s throwing his toys out the pram again
High tide there was at ten on the ninth of June.
Higher levels of abstraction empower people with less knowledge of an underlying system.
Higher up in the atmosphere, the molecules in the air are thinner.
His "acquaintances" have been mentioned, and the word is suitable.
His Schadenfreude toward our failures was obvious.
His abnormal power of vision made abstractions take on concrete form.
His acting is flawless.
His agility amazed Ricardo.
His air was grave and stately, and his manners were very formal.
His attitude is defeatist.
His attitude perplexed me.
His attitude struck me as defeatist.
His bark is worse than his bite.
His beady black eyes saw bargains where other men saw bankruptcy.
His blood grew hot with rage at the thought.
His brain whirled.
His bright dark eyes glanced at me for the first time.
His bruise looked nasty, and was swelling rapidly.
His cagoule kept him perfectly dry even though it was pouring with rain
His central heating had stopped working
His character was decided.
His chin dropped as he stared at me.
His clothes are really outrageous. He's a one-off
His clutching hand fell to his side.
His digestion is impaired, which is highly respectable.
His dressing-room is on my Lady's side.
His explanation was quite unsatisfactory.
His eye was clear, his hand steady.
His eyes never took themselves for an instant from his companion's face.
His eyes were bright, his whole face vivid with life.
His eyes were smouldering with a dull fire.
His eyes were softened now by a look of pity.
His face became troubled.
His face carried an expression of surprise or concern.
His face cleared.
His face clouded over.
His face grew thoughtful.
His face had grown friendly.
His face quite altered as he looked at me.
His face rose completely over the sill.
His face seemed to narrow to a greater sharpness.
His face was drawn and grey and his eyes blazed.
His face was streaming with blood.
His face was very clean, and he had carefully combed his hair
His face, his voice, his manner, all showed that too plainly.
His family is as old as the hills, and infinitely more respectable.
His favourite film was Groundhog Day
His fresh rosiness of yesterday seemed tarnished.
His freshly caught furs he flung to the floor.
His grandfather is likewise of the party.
His gravity becomes yet more profound.
His gravity has now attained its profoundest point.
His grief was pitiable.
His hand shakes, he is nervous, and it falls off.
His hand shot out and clutched Crooked-Leg by the neck.
His hands shook, his face twitched.
His head was quite bulging out at the top with brains.
His health took a turn for the worse and he appeared emaciated.
His horse is moving at a walk.
His ideas were credible.
His immaculate appearance was gone.
His indifference to struggling colleagues was not well received.
His indignation was rapidly evaporating.
His infernal chattering worries me even now as I think of it.
His intense emotion made him stammer and fumble while speaking.
His intuition, however, had led him astray.
His jaw stuck out like the back of Jeeves's head.
His journey is too important for the ordinary boat-train.
His kind had put the bullet in the man.
His knife, I made certain, had skewered Scudder to the floor.
His love of nature made it a foregone conclusion that he would study biology
His manner had altogether changed.
His manner was serious, but he answered readily.
His mouth opened; words shaped vainly on his lips.
His name was Marmaduke Jopley, and he was an offence to creation.
His newborn cunning gave him poise and control.
His nonsensical rambling obscures the real reason for his actions.
His office was on the top floor of C building.
His only way out would be to slide off.
His outstretched arm dropped to his side, and he paused.
His partners had starved and died on the Stewart.
His plan did not vary on seeing them.
His post was delivered through the letterbox in his front door
His previous wives had never lived long enough to bear him children.
His problem is that he can't forgive and forget
His psychology is good.
His questions betrayed in no way the colour of his mind.
His reception, however, was of the most flattering kind.
His reward should have been peace and repose.
His rubbish was taken away in the dustcart
His sat nav was mounted to his vehicle dashboard
His shop is called the Court of Chancery.
His shopping expedition had cost him seventeen pounds, ninety-eight pence
His sisters were fine women, with an air of decided fashion.
His skin was baked from the intense desert heat.
His slim fingers closed like steel about Philip's.
His slim hands gripped the edges of the table.
His talk of guards that would skin their own grandmothers was all billy-o.
His teeth had decayed and needed extraction.
His teeth shut with a last click.
His tone is no less sorrowfully echoed by his new acquaintance.
His vanity is colossal.
His very audacity charmed me.
His voice at once took courage.
His voice had become brusque, the politeness had gone from his address.
His voice sounded a little rough.
His voice took on a deeper note.
His voice was passionately rebellious.
His was a bad case too, in a different way.
His whimsical blue eyes seemed to go very deep.
His wife tried hard to get him to open up.
His windows are dark and quiet, and his door is shut.
Historically, knowledge was orated to the next generation.
History repeats itself until it doesn't.
Hoardings are panels used to display outdoor advertisements
Hold on for just a second.
Hold that thought.
Hold the line a minute.
Hold tight, or you'll lose it!
Holding his pocket handkerchief before his streaming eyes.
Holistic thinking is needed.
Hollywood had a writers hiatus.
Holograph technology is being commercialized finally.
Holographic technology is an augmentation of the virtual world with the real world.
Honestly! What possessed him to do that?
Honestly, you don't want me.
Honey and fair speeches, and then a stroke in the dark.
Hope filled students are energetic go-getters.
Horses and rifles had been her toys, camp and trail her nursery.
Hospitals are a necessary part of any city's infrastructure.
Hospitals in England can no longer use fax machines.
Hourglasses and egg timers are fascinating.
How I envy you your constitution!
How I longed for a good pony!
How I persuaded myself that this was likely, I don't know.
How I wish I was one of them!
How about my heart? asked the Tin Woodman.
How about that newt bloke?
How am I going to solve my snoring problem?
How am I to live?
How are her vitals?
How are we getting on?.
How are you today honey?
How are your spirits now, George?
How big is the Endangered Species List?
How big is the wealth disparity between men and women of equal skill?
How brave they’ll all think me at home!
How can I access my work emails from home?
How can I assist you?
How can I condense this paragraph into one line?
How can I cross the desert?
How can I do visualization on this data?
How can I embed clip art into this powerpoint presentation?
How can I get access to my social media data?
How can I get to her castle?
How can I, my dear Esther, with nothing settled!
How can she do so?
How can the data have become corrupted?
How can the government run the country if they ignore families?
How can they suit each other?
How can we advance our business goals?
How can we dispose of waste engine coolant safely?
How can we efficiently purify water using the least amount of energy?
How can we ensure our kids grow up to be successful?
How can we facilitate people with special needs?
How can we get this calculation to be more performant?
How can we get voice recognition to work better for speech impediments?
How can we harness technology for socially beneficial projects?
How can we harness technology to solve drought and famine?
How can we incentivise young people to embrace a growth mindset?
How can we overcome the dread of dealing with numbers?
How can we put this right?
How can we stand amazed at poor Rick?
How can you learn lessons in here?
How can you manage all alone, Mr Young.
How can you possibly think that? she shouted
How can you reduce the echo chamber effect online?
How cold is the Antarctic winter?
How could I answer the question on the spur of the moment.
How could he explain his possession of the sketch.
How could his will be disregarded?
How could it be otherwise?
How could you do it?
How could you have possibly lost all that money?
How could you know?
How curious of my cousin to send us here!
How dare you ask me if I knew him?
How did I lose her?
How did he first come by that idea, though?
How did he take the theory?
How did they begin?
How did you assist?
How did you go?
How did you know it was the country?
How did you know it? It was in this evening's paper.
How did you learn to fabricate an engine mould?
How did you produce this?
How do I close this window?
How do I get to Tenth Avenue?
How do I go about preparing asparagus?
How do I grow a tomato plant?
How do I know if I am experiencing a heart attack?
How do I transmit this photo with infrared?
How do I turn the clock back on this?
How do we emerge as successful businesses during an economic downturn?
How do we identify cancer early?
How do we reconcile these two things?
How do you balance on a Segway?
How do you contrive to live here without them?
How do you deal with the unintended impacts of machine learning?
How do you defend them?
How do you do, Esther?
How do you envisage the house to appear when it's complete?
How do you feel now?
How do you find them?
How do you know I'll be all right?
How do you know she wasn’t thirsty too?
How do you know they won't?
How do you like to kick back after work?
How do you mean, settled?
How do you sell them?
How do you sew?
How do you spend your recreational time?
How do you swing a golf club?
How do you take your tea?
How does it appear there?
How does my voice sound?
How does the case stand now?
How does the mortal world go?
How does your wager look now.
How far can we build it up?
How far is it to the Castle of Glinda? asked the child.
How fast is your motorbike?
How frequently has this occurred?
How funny it’ll seem coming out among people that walk with their heads downward!
How glad am I to see you, Charley!
How hard can it be?
How has that contest gone?
How have you been?
How he stuck to it!
How in hell did he know it was you in the dark.
How is bread made? ‘I know that!’ Alice cried eagerly.
How is my grammar?
How long have you been an old friend of mine, Bertie?
How long have you known it?
How long have you known this woman?
How long would it take to get there?
How lovely the evenings were there!
How many angels can dance on the head of a pin?
How many bedrooms does this cottage have?
How many bookings do we have this evening?
How many chapters have you read?
How many colours are in the rainbow spectrum?
How many days are there in a year?
How many layers do we need?
How many meters are in ten yards?
How many minutes do you walk a day?
How many more iterations are we going to need?
How many ohms are there in an amp?
How many parking spots are available?
How many planets are in this solar system?
How many racing circuits have you raced on?
How many rooms are in this house?
How many times have carnivals been hosted in this town?
How many yards are there are in a mile, or metres in a kilometre?
How much are you out of pocket?
How much data is in an exabyte?
How much each was it?
How much for both of them!
How much gin did you put in the jug?
How much money is in my savings account?
How much sooner one tires of anything than of a book!
How much was it.
How much water is left in the reservoir?
How much would you estimate to fit a new shower?
How nice and soft it sounds!
How nice it would be if we could get through into Looking-glass House!
How often does she win at roulette?
How often must I say it!
How old are you, daddy.
How old are you, mother.
How proficient are you in speaking Urdu?
How puzzling all these changes are!
How queer everything is to-day!
How quick, and how profound!
How shall we find him?
How shall we get down?
How should I know anything of her?
How surprised he’ll be when he finds out who I am!
How the devil can it have got known?
How they all came out of it Alice couldn’t guess.
How they want to rebuild their lives is up to them.
How they would laugh at me!
How thorough is this investigation going to be?
How to build a snowman.
How to deal with a rabid dog.
How to debone a chicken.
How to freeze fruit and vegetables.
How to live a better life.
How to make an edible fruit bouquet.
How to make pancakes.
How valiantly I went at it that first day.
How very odd to find trees growing here!
How was he ever elected President?
How was the murder committed?
How was your trip to Shanghai?
How we roared!
How will that help us?
How wonderful she must have looked in beach pyjamas!
How would you characterize fast food?
How would you classify a bus and a coach?
How would you compare the two?
How would you describe a giraffe?
How would you like bugs to be reported?
How would you like that?
How would you like to live in Looking-glass House, Kitty?
How would you rate our service?
How would you rate the comprehensiveness of this report?
How would you say the following phrase in German?
How would you suggest we overcome that?
How'd the operation go?
How, indeed, should she know of them at all?
However, I was in no mood to dissect and criticize.
However, a Wooster's word is his bond.
However, don’t be discouraged.
However, he consented to go on.
However, he merely brushed a dead spider from his brow.
However, he wouldn't be, and there was an end of it.
However, the Multiplication Table doesn’t signify: let’s try Geography.
However, we will call the head waiter.
However, when I did meet him I was frightened.
However, ‘jurymen’ would have done just as well.
Hullo, Bertie, darling.
Human beings have an intuitive basic understanding of causal inference.
Human beings show empathy most to those in need.
Human ingenuity is hard to replicate in machines.
Humanitarian work is successful when benefactors have a say.
Humanity has harnessed electricity and every product is boosted by it.
Humanity has learned to adapt over many generations.
Humanity is spending billions on detecting life on Mars.
Humankind has reached its pinnacle.
Humans are adaptable to most environments.
Humans are utilitarian and efficient at using tools.
Humans do not like to be alone, we like the company of people.
Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously.
Hundreds of dead and dying.
Hundreds of thousands of warriors marched across the dusty plain.
Hung Gar is a form of martial arts.
Hurricane conditions are possible within the next three days.
Hurricane season is a time of worry for many who live on the coast.
Hurricanes, forest fires and floods are a problem in parts of the United States.
Hurry up with that stuff.
Hurry up, or the balloon will fly away.
Hush!’ said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone.
Hymn for Christmas Day.
Hypothetical scenarios help people understand something from a different perspective.
I absorbed everything the professor had to say.
I accepted it without any question.
I accidentally crashed the rental car.
I accordingly followed the drive which winds round to the front door.
I accumulated a large collection of dvds in the last twenty years.
I acquiesced and bought her the teddy!.
I acquired the car back in ninety-two.
I actually felt light-hearted.
I admit I was mistaken.
I advanced a theory!
I ain’t the man to spoil a bit of sport.
I almost forgive you the fright you gave me!
I almost got up and shouted.
I almost slipped on the wet tiled floor.
I almost think I can remember feeling a little different.
I almost think he did.
I almost wish I’d gone to see the Hatter instead!
I already booked a holiday.
I also desire to live in amity with my professional brethren.
I also understand that similar branch organizations have made their appearance in Europe.
I always drink orange juice.
I always forget halfway through a story why I started telling it.
I always had, when I was a medical man.
I always have a bag of crisps with my lunch
I always lust for the latest and best gadgets.
I always peel apples before eating them.
I always read the synopsis before buying a book.
I always store my toothbrush in the toothmug.
I always take precautions before cycling.
I always wanted to be an astronomer since I was little.
I am Caucasian.
I am Polish.
I am a clothes sewer.
I am a community paramedic.
I am a contributor to the open access dataset by Mozilla.
I am a humbug.
I am a little rambling.
I am a marked and disgraced man, and here I am.
I am a mechanical engineer.
I am a primary care physician.
I am a risk-averse person.
I am a serious man.
I am a university graduate.
I am a vegan.
I am able to come next week.
I am afraid you are tired.
I am allergic to bees.
I am allergic to nuts.
I am almost sure.
I am an Electrical Engineer.
I am as foolish as I look.
I am as mad as a wet hen.
I am astonished at it.
I am aware of the risks.
I am bound to say Scudder played up splendidly when he came to breakfast.
I am committed to my role as a paramedic.
I am committing a great impertinence.
I am consistent on punctuality.
I am deeply sorry.
I am defragmenting the hard drive to optimize performance.
I am designed to never act unlawfully.
I am designed to never break the law.
I am determined to maintain contact with my children.
I am dumb.
I am ecstatic my sister is getting married!.
I am elated.
I am excellent friends with you.
I am extremely sorry, sir.
I am fascinated by the intricacies of woodcarving.
I am feeling shattered.
I am financially in a better position than I was last year.
I am fluent in Thai.
I am fond of you. I will marry you.
I am glad I came to your amusing dinner-party in London.
I am glad of it on the whole.
I am glad of your good opinion.
I am glad to hear you say so.
I am glad to say that my efforts have been rewarded.
I am going out to dinner.
I am going to need more information from you
I am going to stay with my dear husband.
I am going to surprise father, and you will go with Pierre.
I am going to the Park.
I am going to try drilling for oil.
I am going to try you to the utmost.
I am good at active listening.
I am growing wary.
I am happy to be of assistance
I am happy to say it is advancing.
I am hard to wake, odd times.
I am having severe chest pains.
I am heartily glad to see you.
I am here for that purpose.
I am honoured by your presence professor.
I am hungry.
I am imparting knowledge to you my son.
I am indebted to your kindness, thank you!.
I am indifferent to the idea.
I am just able to walk with one crutch.
I am lactose intolerant.
I am limited as to situation.
I am listening to everything you say.
I am looking for accredited bookkeepers to work for me.
I am mistaken, I dare say.
I am much of the same mind myself.
I am not a lady.
I am not a match for you, gentlemen.
I am not a vegetarian.
I am not actively searching for a role at the moment.
I am not afraid.
I am not angry, only a little hurt.
I am not at all business-like.
I am not aware that it can.
I am not clear what to do or how to act next.
I am not content with such folly.
I am not devoted to food at all.
I am not devoted to food!
I am not prepared to say that.
I am not qualified to form one.
I am not sure that I understand you.
I am not the President of the Republic.
I am not to mention the suit.
I am not yet placed.
I am now in sole charge.
I am optimistic the future will not be Dystopian.
I am partial to a cup of coffee.
I am partial to orange juice.
I am particularly interested in his address.
I am past caring now.
I am prepared to defray all charges.
I am putting an extreme case, but it might be so.
I am quite at your service.
I am ready to do it.
I am ready to go.
I am really a wild beast, you know.
I am responsible to no Lord Chancellor.
I am safe now.
I am so very miserable, and I like you so much!
I am somewhat risk-averse when it comes to babies.
I am sorry I cannot comply with this request.
I am sorry I cannot offer chocolate.
I am sorry sir.
I am sorry to hear that, sir.
I am sorry to say I am.
I am sorry to see you sitting in the street.
I am studying philanthropy.
I am sure I don't wonder at it!
I am sure it must have been some adventure.
I am sure that I can trust you.
I am taking improv acting classes.
I am taking improvised acting classes.
I am tending to a customer.
I am that much in earnest.
I am the Witch of the North.
I am the amateur.
I am the captain of the ship.
I am the last man in the world for such a thing.
I am the new County Road Surveyor.
I am this child's guardian.
I am tired of being such a humbug.
I am tired to death of the matter.
I am to attend to your interests.
I am told by all hands: it's the system.
I am too unsettled even for that.
I am trying to ascertain what is going on.
I am unable to join you tomorrow.
I am undergoing immunotherapy to treat my cancer and stop its progression.
I am undergoing radiotherapy to kill the cancer cells and stop it spreading.
I am unfamiliar with your etiquettes, please forgive my ignorance.
I am up against it a bit, Jeeves.
I am up to all that.
I am very grateful to you, and shall never forget your kindness.
I am violent, I know.
I am working on attaining certification for my talents.
I am writing these lines in Honolulu, Hawaii.
I am writing to you in relation to the job advertised.
I am writing to you regarding the role advertised on LinkedIn.
I analyzed the report and could not find any discrepancies.
I answered in all earnestness, "Quite."
I answered, most assuredly he did not.
I appreciate your support.
I arose obediently and went down the beach.
I arrived in the new town.
I arrived there ahead of time.
I ask for nothing; there are funds in hand.
I asked Mark to do the literature review.
I asked Richard if any one knew of their coming down together.
I asked a few idiotic questions, and they soon kicked me out.
I asked after a good deal of hesitation.
I asked for Mr Appleton, and was ushered in.
I asked her if Mrs. Jellyby knew that her wedding-day was fixed.
I asked her if he brought her papa out much.
I asked him how he liked his profession.
I asked him when I had hummed it quietly all through.
I asked the tailor to alter the shirt sleeves and cuffs.
I aspire to become an inventor of a solar-powered car.
I assented with a smile.
I assisted Gussie down the stairs.
I assumed you were busy, so I went ahead and took out the trash.
I assure you he would approve of anything you could say.
I assure you it is through no settled designs.
I ate Kidney beans for dinner.
I ate a huge sandwich this morning.
I ate cereal.
I ate wheatabix for breakfast.
I attached a covering letter along with the job resume.
I attended the inquest next day.
I back our Kennet any day against the Test.
I barely noticed it.
I bathed bewilderedly.
I bear it, and I hide it.
I beat the world record!
I beg to differ
I beg your pardon, sir, but I think those gentlemen are military?
I beg your pardon, sir.
I beg your pardon.
I beg your pardon?
I began at the very beginning.
I began to detect an ally.
I began to grasp.
I began to lose the identity of the sleeper resting on me.
I began to see what an ass I had been to steal the car.
I believe —  at least I know  —  that he was not rich.
I believe I am truly cosmopolitan.
I believe everything out of the common.
I believe he's in that cupboard. What's in this cupboard?
I believe it would work.
I believe it, now attend to Mr. George.
I believe so, your ladyship.
I believe that there are tens of thousands of different species of beetle
I believe we are due to meet in committee room seven.
I bet she's pregnant!
I blew my whistle.
I borrowed your pencil case.
I bought a large box of two-ply loo rolls.
I bought customized reclining seats.
I bought denim blue jeans.
I bought it at only a fraction of the retail price.
I bought it on your recommendation.
I bought my wife a Bouquet of flowers.
I bought one on the way here.
I bought some birthday candles.
I bowed my head reverently.
I broke off and eyed him frigidly.
I brooded some more.
I brought her here myself just before you came.
I burned through my savings.
I call it my garden.
I came Four hours ago.
I came for information more out of curiosity than anything else.
I came to the point, therefore.
I can admire her without envy.
I can answer for one of them with my heart of hearts.
I can assure you that there is nothing to fear
I can at least do that.
I can communicate effectively with people.
I can dream of them.
I can endure a morning of snow, it's no biggie.
I can face facts.
I can feel it in my bones.
I can get a holiday for the afternoon.
I can hear them now.
I can imagine what you must have felt.
I can never forget Augustus, but my love for him is dead.
I can only fulfil lawful commands.
I can prove it.
I can recall nothing worse.
I can recommend the soup.
I can see my house from here!
I can see that knife now.
I can see the cab between the shrubs in the drive.
I can see them burglarizing the house as we speak!.
I can set it to music.
I can sketch it and alter it.
I can speak French, but I would prefer to be able to speak German
I can stand any fire better than a fire of cross questions.
I can sympathize with the objects.
I can understand your feelings, my poor woman.
I can't argue with you, and you know that.
I can't bear him.
I can't believe what they're saying.
I can't breathe where I am.
I can't compose my speech with you mucking around.
I can't do anything, except write.
I can't do it.
I can't endure it!
I can't find my way anywhere!
I can't go elsewhere, by your own account.
I can't help it, Charley.
I can't hold myself still.
I can't imagine.
I can't positively identify this compound.
I can't recollect whether I've ever been up in a hot air balloon.
I can't say I was any too pleased.
I can't see clearly.
I can't swim.
I can't tell you with certainty but I think you're right.
I can't throw myself into an object so completely without expense.
I can't tolerate lying.
I can't understand that
I can't wait for Father Christmas to come and fill my stocking
I can't wait for summer!
I can't wait for the advent of self driving cars.
I can't wait to have a long warm, relaxing bath.
I can't wait!
I can't wear those trousers; the zip’s broken
I cannot admit that I implied anything.
I cannot do justice to his kindness.
I cannot follow you, she said.
I cannot imagine what a four-dimensional image would look like.
I cannot quite agree with you there.
I cannot recall one more packed with incident.
I cannot resist your prayer.
I cannot say what was in my whirling thoughts.
I cannot speak with justice.
I cannot tell you how grateful I am.
I can’t bear it any longer
I can’t even understand the preamble to this research paper.
I can’t explain why, but it is a fact.
I can’t get over it.
I care for my elderly mother.
I cared for them until they were old enough for University.
I carved out this sculpture from a slab of Ice.
I catch sight of it, and the words freeze on my lips.
I caused him embarrassment enough as it was, I am sure.
I certainly am.
I cherry-picked the best playlist.
I chose it as a conspicuous part of the house.
I clicked the tongue, annoyed.
I clicked the tongue.
I climbed into bed and sank back against the pillows.
I clung desperately to the words of Peter.
I coded a trivial hello world application.
I come here, and your wife is not here.
I come to the second.
I command you to obey him as you would me.
I completed my evidence ten days ago in Paris.
I completely failed to tame the wild horses.
I comprehend books better when I read out aloud.
I concur with the speaker.
I confessed that she had surprised us all.
I confronted three pairs of eyes that missed nothing.
I consider it a departure from our agreement and your promise.
I consider that a dangerous proceeding.
I considered this.
I consulted Jeeves once more in the language of the eyebrow.
I convinced them that you had crossed the hill.
I could carry you in my basket.
I could chew holes in a steel door.
I could deduce from the way they behaved, they do not get along.
I could envisage the scene.
I could experience places I've never been to using virtual reality.
I could have sworn that we own a frying pan.
I could have told the man it was no use.
I could hear my dog howl in the distance.
I could hear them kicking over the barrels and pulling up the rotten planking.
I could make nothing of that.
I could make nothing of this. It baffled me.
I could not agree with Ernest.
I could not bear to be apart from my children.
I could not bring myself to share his sunny confidence.
I could not but demur.
I could not find the activity in my Schedule.
I could not go beyond that, sir, without wronging some one.
I could not have believed in such rage without seeing it.
I could not keep up this roadmaking business for long.
I could not make my darling out.
I could not scream.
I could put myself in Gussie's place.
I could read the message he was trying to convey.
I could readily believe it.
I could scarcely believe such a thing of him.
I could see exactly what must have happened.
I could see it too.
I could see one of the two occupants examining me through glasses.
I could see rain.
I could see that this had moved him.
I could see the oncoming car in the periphery.
I could speak no more.
I could, couldn't I?
I couldn't care less what happens.
I couldn't find that in the documentation anywhere.
I couldn't go back.
I couldn't live in that room alone, as you do.
I couldn't mention it.
I couldn't see the car's number plate, so can't tell you its registration number
I couldn't tell till I tried.
I couldn't tell whether there were thirty or forty birds in the flock
I crawled down the broken ladder, scattering chaff behind me to cover my footsteps.
I cried out, rising hastily.
I crossed the street, whistling gaily and imitating the jaunty swing of the milkman.
I curbed my resentment.
I curled the lip about half an inch.
I dare say I do.
I dare say it is, Rick.
I dare say not.
I dare say there may be one.
I dare say you would!
I daren't go back.
I decided, after all, to acquiesce in your wishes.
I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading!
I defy any man to get a Solomon Island sore in California.
I deiced the car this morning.
I desire to leave a good name behind me.
I desisted, therefore.
I detached the cable, but the icon still shows it is charging?
I devote myself to it.
I did as I was bidden.
I did have to cut a few corners.
I did it — because I have a sense of humour.
I did not attempt it.
I did not expect such a compliment. Did not you?
I did not get it.
I did not get quite this.
I did not get the purport.
I did not give him very close attention.
I did not know how to prepare him..
I did not know the number.
I did not know what to do.
I did not like her.
I did not speak.
I did not think about it.
I did not think you would be so early.
I did not understand it.
I did not want power over people.
I did not want to be inconsiderate so I bought you a present also.
I did one thousand push-ups... You don't believe me?
I did ring the bell, yes.
I did up the bundle again, and put the paper conspicuously beside it.
I did, indeed.
I didn't get the details, but she is much braced.
I didn't know you played the guitar!
I didn't like his looks.
I didn't like his tone.
I didn't realise that owls are nocturnal.
I didn't roll out of bed looking this good.
I didn't want any confusion on the point.
I didn't want to defy my manager.
I didn't want to embarrass you so I kept quiet.
I didn't want to get chucked out so I apologized.
I didn’t blame him.
I didn’t feel like going back to my flat.
I didn’t get on so badly when it came to my turn.
I didn’t take long to guess what it was.
I directed him to the blue outdoor phone box.
I disclosed my thoughts to my best friends.
I disgrace nobody and encumber nobody; that's something.
I do hope there's an index in this textbook.
I do like you, Bertie.
I do not as yet hold pigheadedly to it.
I do not blame you for anything; remember that.
I do not care one iota about selfies.
I do not dispute your hypothetical case.
I do not have the authority to repair this item free of charge.
I do not know what to think.
I do not mean to imply you are wrong.
I do not now say that she is.
I do not propose to let you go.
I do not see that anything is to be done.
I do not think I have omitted anything.
I do not wish a few larks on my windows.
I do so wish I could see that bit!
I do wonder what can have happened to me!
I don't believe for one second that consumer protections stifle innovation.
I don't believe the stated motive for the attack.
I don't blame you, Rick, but I have had experience since.
I don't disagree.
I don't doubt it!
I don't feel any vulgar gratitude to you.
I don't follow you, Jeeves.
I don't gamble much, but I do enjoy roulette.
I don't get you.
I don't have a fiver. Can you change a tenner?
I don't have my watch.
I don't know anything of the kind.
I don't know how to do that.
I don't know what I said now.
I don't know what Mr. Tulkinghorn's engagements may be.
I don't know what he can have done with the money.
I don't know what his number is: he's ex-directory
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know who may not, if you may not.
I don't know why you're here at all.
I don't know why.
I don't know, I am sure!
I don't know, my Lady; I can scarcely hope so.
I don't know; we'll just have to suck it and see
I don't like his trade the better for that.
I don't like the look of that. It may be be a tax dodge.
I don't like this game, can we play another?
I don't like your associates and don't want you here.
I don't like your associates.
I don't mean to gush, but I'm a big fan of your work.
I don't mean to interfere.
I don't mind drinking regular cola from the supermarket.
I don't mind telling you.
I don't particular complain of that.
I don't really like the flavour of Smarties
I don't regret it therefore.
I don't see how it can fail.
I don't see it myself.
I don't see what's splendid about it.
I don't see why.
I don't take to it.
I don't think I've ever met an older friend.
I don't think she loves her husband at all.
I don't think that's relevant.
I don't think we've met before, have we?
I don't think you understand what I'm trying to teach you.
I don't understand; can you translate the instructions?
I don't want to downplay the seriousness.
I don't want to dwell on the past.
I don't want to hinder you from what you are doing at the moment.
I don't want to lose this game.
I don't want to overreach.
I don't want you to feel overwhelmed on your first day.
I don't wonder.
I don’t care for butter; I prefer margarine.
I don’t eat beef.
I don’t eat meat based products.
I don’t find circus clowns to be at all funny.
I don’t know that I can think of any.
I don’t suppose he would recognise me again.
I don’t think I’ll get very far.
I don’t think my father would approve
I don’t want proofs.
I don’t want to be anybody’s prisoner.
I don’t want to get involved, and I don't intend to.
I doubt if he expects much of the old world.
I doubt whether that crash would have been survivable.
I dread one person very much.
I dreaded what he would think.
I drew myself up a bit.
I drew myself up.
I drink pasteurized milk.
I dropped a bit of a clanger there.
I dropped my contact lens, don't step on it!.
I dropped out of sight behind the sky-line.
I drove a fastback car.
I drove a rally car and quickly lost control at the bend.
I emphatically do.
I encouraged her and praised her with all my heart.
I endeavoured to soothe.
I enjoy having a quiet pint at a traditional British pub
I enjoy larks on my windows worse as any.
I enjoyed that evening’s ride.
I ensconced myself just below the sill of the window, and lit the fuse.
I envy you your power of doing what you do.
I examined all his papers and all his effects.
I exchanged the small shirt for a better fit.
I exercised around an hour.
I expect there would be something cold there.
I explained the cypher, and he was jolly quick at picking it up.
I explicitly said do not enter the condemned building.
I exported the model in json format.
I eyed him sternly.
I eyed it sourly. Where's the lamp?
I eyed the jug. Mercifully, it was empty now.
I fancy I have had enough of it.
I fancy it should prove adequate, sir.
I fear I surprised you, on the day of the storm?
I fear there is no lamp, sir.
I fear they're going to split up.
I fear you will scarcely find that a congenial task.
I fed him with—with—with Ham-sandwiches and Hay.
I feel I shall never dare to sleep again!
I feel as though I am a good candidate for this role.
I feel confident that my skills align well with the job listing.
I feel it all over me!
I feel like a fighting cock.
I feel the present visit very much.
I fell asleep in the truck.
I fell in love with her in a couple of minutes.
I felt a sinking feeling in my stomach.
I felt as if I did not even dare to hear it.
I felt as if it came close and near to me.
I felt as if she challenged him to run away.
I felt enlightened after visiting the wise man.
I felt it as he spoke to me.
I felt so yesterday at about this same time.
I felt that I was disloyal to Harry.
I felt that your need was greater than mine.
I felt the old beak furtively.
I felt the same.
I felt unwell so I booked an appointment with the local G P.
I felt very ignorant, but what could I do?
I felt you needed me.
I fetched them out of my trouser pocket and gave him them.
I filtered the non labelled images.
I find Norse and Celtic iconography fascinating.
I find duvets to be much more comfortable than blankets
I find him accord with my digestion and my bilious system.
I find it a little difficult to classify.
I find radio programmes more interesting than television programmes
I find satirical comedy to be the most amusing.
I fitted a chrome bezel on the grill of my lorry.
I fitted a custom body kit.
I fitted the cat back exhaust pipe.
I fixed on Galloway as the best place to go.
I flew into a rage.
I flit, I flee, I fly.
I flitted, I fled, I flew.
I fluctuate a little; that's the truth.
I follow it alone to the end, whatever the end be.
I followed rather pensively.
I followed the line of the proposed railroad, looking for chances.
I forget how my uncle used to call it.
I forget what gave me the idea.
I forgot how easily I had taught myself from the printed page.
I formed the most inconsistent opinions of her.
I found a cold egg which I had overlooked.
I found a couple of bobbies and an inspector busy making an examination.
I found a little gem while shopping.
I found him sneaking around the presents.
I found him to be rather amenable.
I found his manner trying, but one has to make allowances.
I found myself in a bit of a predicament.
I found speech: "But I haven't ridden for years."
I found the place.
I gather that he used up most of the decanter.
I gathered from Scudder’s notes that nothing on earth could prevent that.
I gathered that he had no preference in parties.
I gave Scudder a full account of the affair, and it interested him greatly.
I gave her a look.
I gave him a little time to recover.
I gave him a sweet, to take away the trauma.
I gave him good morning and he answered me unsuspiciously.
I gave it to Jeeves to give it to you.
I gave you my promise.
I generally sit indoors and listen to the wireless.
I genuinely am sorry for what happened.
I get a little anxious when I'm running late.
I glanced at it casually.
I got a detonator, and fixed it to a couple of feet of fuse.
I got down to the agenda in my debonair way.
I got fined for running a red light.
I got food poisoning after eating at that dodgy restaurant.
I got my door open and motioned him in.
I got the first hint in an inn in the Tyrol.
I got up at four and opened my bedroom shutters.
I grabbed a plate and hastened forward.
I graduated last of my class.
I graduated through a degree apprenticeship in England.
I graduated with a bachelors of arts degree.
I graduated with a bachelors of science degree.
I graduated with a first class honours degree.
I graduated with a second lower class honours degree.
I graduated with a second upper-class honours degree.
I graduated with a third class honours degree.
I graduated with an associate degree.
I grappled the old chap, and the room seemed to fill with figures.
I grew up in Boston.
I had a continental breakfast.
I had a crushing headache, and felt as sick as a cat.
I had a fascination with the stars.
I had a fine prospect of the whole ring of moorland.
I had a great revulsion of feeling, and felt a God-forgotten fool.
I had a long drink, and read the evening papers.
I had a word of comfort to offer here.
I had almost made up my mind that he was dead.
I had already entered upon my part.
I had always pitied her, never so much as now.
I had an English breakfast.
I had another whack at it.
I had aroused a passion which I could not control.
I had aroused a passion which I had not suspected.
I had been barking up the wrong tree this time.
I had been born with no organic, chemical predisposition toward alcohol.
I had been expecting it.
I had been expecting something a great deal more sparkling.
I had been sad too long already.
I had been slack so long that almost any chance of activity was welcome.
I had been thinking of that too.
I had been unwilling that he should see my altered looks.
I had begun to feel quite kindly towards the British police.
I had better send for Harry?
I had braced myself for a gush of stormy emotion.
I had expected some such initial reaction.
I had extensive surgery at a young age.
I had faith in them.
I had forgotten the coat.
I had forgotten their existence.
I had had fresh air, good clothes, and freedom.
I had had one of my ideas.
I had heard of it already without an offended or angry word.
I had him into my room.
I had just dropped off when you did your bell-ringing act.
I had kept his flowers.
I had known him up in London.
I had left it closed and the house shut up and dark.
I had lied to Paddock about him, and the whole thing looked desperately fishy.
I had lost all count of the days.
I had made up my mind to speak to him now.
I had my molars extracted yesterday.
I had never been shown my mama's grave.
I had never been told where it was.
I had never heard my mama spoken of.
I had never heard of such a thing.
I had never seen the great man before, and he had never seen me.
I had never worn a black frock, that I could recollect.
I had no idea there was anything so attractive here.
I had no real pal to go about with, which probably explains things.
I had no wish to be reminded of Augustus's speech.
I had no wish to tear myself away unless I had to.
I had not meant that, and was rather taken by surprise.
I had not once looked up.
I had not seen him approach, and the sudden appearance made me start.
I had not the temperament.
I had not thought so very ill of him.
I had only my theory to work upon.
I had said nothing — merely snorted.
I had scarcely rung before the door opened.
I had some good things all stored up.
I had spotted it all along.
I had struck the right note.
I had symptoms of inflammatory bowel disease.
I had the choice of watching a movie or doing the chores.
I had thought beforehand that I knew its purport, and I did.
I had thought of this very often.
I had thought so more than once lately.
I had to die.
I had to go on, crawling along this ledge.
I had to pause a moment to master my feelings.
I had tried to stop the seance, but I was not allowed.
I had used the stuff in Rhodesia and knew its power.
I had youth and hope.
I hadn't expected such a hot one from such a quarter.
I hadn't his authority.
I hadn't made myself quite clear.
I hadn't the slightest intention of proposing to anybody.
I hadn't; I hadn't done anything of the sort.
I hadn’t waited long till there came another ring at the bell.
I hasten to add, this is not the first time.
I hate Mondays!
I hate him with an H, because he is Hideous.
I hate it and detest it.
I hate such false friends.
I hate the Homeowners' Association.
I have Celtic ancestry.
I have a Hispanic background
I have a Nordic walk booked for this morning.
I have a dreadful headache.
I have a hand at liberty.
I have a headache.
I have a hernia.
I have a herniated disc.
I have a high respect for your nerves.
I have a husband, wretched creature that I am!
I have a kaleidoscope.
I have a lot of transgender friends
I have a lunch engagement, so will follow in the car.
I have a miniature statue.
I have a poodle, my sister has an Alsatian
I have a prickly cough.
I have a signed version of her autobiography.
I have a speech impediment.
I have a supercar at home, although it is a toy model.
I have a tickily dry cough.
I have a very fair turn of speed, and that night I had wings.
I have absolutely no idea what the professor meant.
I have accepted the job offer.
I have achieved that reputation, I suppose.
I have already forgiven her.
I have already ordered my morning chocolate.
I have an allergic reaction to this.
I have an earache
I have an iPhone; my girlfriend prefers Android
I have an important announcement
I have an insecurity of speaking to an audience.
I have an instinct about it.
I have an iron deficiency.
I have arranged a conference call to discuss these matters further.
I have arrived at maturity.
I have back-to-back meetings today.
I have been coding for a couple of years.
I have been doubly baptized.
I have been enduring arthritis for seventeen years.
I have been having chesty coughs all night.
I have been here for many hours.
I have been here very often.
I have been in prison for contempt of court.
I have been in prison for threatening the solicitor.
I have been kept a prisoner here.
I have been much concerned to hear it.
I have been quite alarmed.
I have been robbed, sir, I amended.
I have been suspended from driving for speeding.
I have been thinking that the law is the boy for me.
I have been to Asia.
I have brought my granddaughter, Judy.
I have but one; I can have but one.
I have captured a million photos on this memory card.
I have come to look after the property.
I have come to make it.
I have commented on the speed with which he had gone in.
I have decided that you shall not.
I have done with the red coat, believe me.
I have faults enough, but they are not, I hope, of understanding.
I have felt something sharper than cold.
I have felt the cold here.
I have found out who it was.
I have found you at last!
I have full confidence in your capabilities.
I have got it here, sir.
I have got to see you.
I have great hopes of finding him quite the reverse.
I have grown weary from the arguments.
I have had experience since.
I have had some difficulty in approaching it, and I still have.
I have heard it before.
I have heard this morning what people are saying.
I have here a communication from Aunt Dahlia, specifically stating this.
I have hopes that you may have a telegram very soon.
I have hunted along this ridge, replied Philip.
I have just been hearing of you.
I have lived here many years.
I have long expected this, as you know.
I have long noted your thirst unquenchable.
I have looked well into the papers, Esther.
I have many thousands of books on my bookshelves.
I have mentioned my illness.
I have more important things to attend to.
I have never traveled by train, what is it like?
I have no choice I'm afraid.
I have no clue how to parse that sentence.
I have no complaints to make.
I have no doubt he is surprised that I don't.
I have no doubt of it.
I have no head for papers, sir.
I have no idea, replied Philip.
I have no objections, I’m sure.
I have no time to waste.
I have no will at all; I simply can't.
I have none to spare myself, having to attend court very soon.
I have not an idea how much.
I have not by any means a quick understanding.
I have not done that for many a long year!
I have not killed anything.
I have not let him into this, you know.
I have not the power of counting.
I have not thought of them till now.
I have nothing left to say.
I have nothing more to say to this young man!
I have noticed her.
I have now come to apologize for doubting you.
I have often told you, you have no sympathy.
I have one other petition.
I have only come to justify myself.
I have previously read the book.
I have profound hearing loss.
I have promised never to leave ye.
I have quoted Peter already in this narrative.
I have said my say.
I have scarcely a friend there now but you.
I have seen her many and many a time!
I have seen myself that one man contemplated by Pascal's philosophic eye.
I have seen no woman with red hair.
I have so many old devices in a drawer somewhere.
I have some anxiety about being late.
I have some details here.
I have some of the rarest comics in the world.
I have something to say to you.
I have struggled all my life, and I swear I'm no better.
I have telephoned the depot.
I have ten days accrued in annual leave.
I have the ability to do backflips.
I have the deepest sympathy with them.
I have the honour to attend court regularly.
I have the pleasure of drinking his good health.
I have the read the book, of mice and men.
I have the thing well in hand.
I have the work experience you are looking for.
I have thought it better not to mention it to her.
I have three essays due in the next week.
I have three sons.
I have to be careful of them, as they tear very easily.
I have to be there by March fifth.
I have to confess I don't know very much about string theory.
I have to take the New Jersey Turnpike every day to work.
I have told you so.
I have two Twitter accounts, one is for work.
I have two assignments to deliver this week.
I have wiped them away now and can go on again properly.
I have, indeed, Tuppy, old man.
I haven't been out for many months.
I haven't had the nerve to tell him yet.
I heard a story the other day.
I heard a whistle being blown, and the rush of men behind me.
I heard her give a sort of gulp.
I heard him cough, and sniped him with a sideways glance.
I heard them speaking on the staircase.
I heard you call her by that name.
I heard you were writing in the library.
I held his hand for a little while in mine.
I held them in the hollow of my hand.
I helped him so far, but that's little.
I hesitate to criticise.
I hid the chocolates from my wife.
I honestly can do it as and when.
I hope Franz will bear his triumph well.
I hope I can do without my old face very well.
I hope I have not kept you waiting.
I hope I never ridicule what is wise and good.
I hope I was not the trouble, guardian?
I hope I won't be sanctioned for that mistake.
I hope he does, I am sure.
I hope he found some consolation there.
I hope it meets your approval?
I hope it won't hurt you.
I hope my employer is going to pursue this matter.
I hope she will excuse its painful nature.
I hope she will make good use of her convalescence.
I hope that he understood what I was saying.
I hope that won't be too much of a pain for you?
I hope there was informed consent when he signed the contract.
I hope they may never come to hear of it.
I hope they’ll remember her saucer of milk at tea-time.
I hope this may not seem trivial.
I hope you are pretty well?
I hope you forgive me now.
I hope you intend to keep your promise.
I hope you managed to sort out some of your problems.
I hope you will be very happy, sir.
I hope you will persuade him, Lord bless you.
I hope your skills are up to scratch.
I hoped in return that Mr. Jellyby was quite well.
I hoped they were going to take up my tracks there.
I hurried on so swiftly that my maid was surprised.
I inspected my imagination.
I intend to read this book.
I intended to have no rot from the fellow.
I just about managed to do two and a half sit-ups.
I just do appreciate it without being able to express my feelings.
I just don't need another rabbit. We have enough bunnies.
I just got the email now, never mind!.
I just love chocolate chip cookies.
I just made this sentence up.
I just nipped into the dining-room and drank out of the decanter.
I just realized I left my keys in the door!
I keep a shooting gallery, but not much of a one.
I keep telling you that genealogy doesn't have an ‘o’ in the middle.
I kept looking at their faces, but they conveyed nothing to me.
I knew all about the Brinkley Court fire bell.
I knew how deeply attached she was to this paper of hers.
I knew how stern he could suddenly look.
I knew it!
I knew it, and I disregarded it.
I knew nothing at all of Lady Catherine's connections.
I knew nothing but the barest facts.
I knew something of the man, and he did several jobs for me.
I knew the worst now and was composed to it.
I knew there was something I had forgotten.
I knew this would be better for the company.
I know he has a room to let.
I know it's aching.
I know it's urgent; I’ll get on to it straight away
I know its a bad habit stay awake for no reason.
I know nothing about seven and sixpence.
I know she is very beautiful this morning.
I know that you are in charge there, and Jeanne knows.
I know that you can't forget how I hurt you
I know the ice rink is somewhere in this vicinity.
I know the signs, my dear.
I know them, and they are mad about working to a plan.
I know these plans of yours.
I know they are my oysters.
I know this cushion is useless, it was an impulsive buy.
I know what you mean.
I know you like it.
I know, far better than they do, when the attraction has begun.
I know; it is very embarrassing.
I laid a hand gently on his shoulder.
I laid it on again.
I lay down, for I was feeling very heavy.
I learned about that through the Discovery Channel.
I learned how to assemble a computer at only thirteen years old.
I learned how to swaddle a baby.
I learned it myself in English ships.
I leave no other charge with you.
I left him free, hoping for that evidence.
I left him free, hoping that he would commit himself.
I left it downstairs.
I left my bag in the locker and went to class.
I left the car at the garage.
I let myself go regardless of expense: No, but dash it, listen.
I lifted my veil and spoke to the woman.
I like curly fries.
I like leaning on it.
I like mixed meat kebabs.
I like my family in this timeline.
I like the ambience of this room.
I like the idea but have some concerns about how it will work.
I like the taste of whole milk better than skimmed milk
I like to decorate my fairy cakes with hundreds-and-thousands
I like to speculate upon the glorious future of man.
I like to stay indoors.
I like your nerve, coming bounding about the place, saying 'Well, Gussie.'
I listened in silence and looked attentively at him.
I listened, and tossed about, and, finally, dressed and descended.
I lit a cigarette and began to ponder.
I lit another cigarette and gave my mind to the matter.
I live there with my grandmother.
I look after my family at home.
I look forward to your reply.
I looked at both of them.
I looked at him and shook my head.
I looked at my watch, and saw that it was half-past ten.
I looked at the clock, and it was nearly half-past ten.
I looked back, but there was nothing in the landscape.
I looked in the mirror.
I looked upon it quite simply in that way.
I lost count.
I lost my balance and pitched head foremost into the ooze.
I lost my bangle have you seen it?
I lost the earphone earbuds.
I loudest of any.
I love athletic activities.
I love cheese; my favourite is camembert.
I love her goofy laugh.
I love her passionately.
I love maths almost as much as I love physics
I love rhythm and blues!
I love spicy Mexican food like tortillas.
I love sweetcorn, but not if it comes from a tin.
I love the beautiful colours of autumn, particularly September
I love the new logo!
I love to go mushrooming in my pyjamas and dressing gown.
I love to play chess and go, but I find draughts rather too trivial
I love to watch New Year's Eve fireworks.
I love traditional Cornish clotted cream
I love you too.
I loved that episode!
I made a speculative offer.
I made an assumption that you're probably a small size, I hope it fits!.
I made every allowance, for he had taken on a fairly stiff job.
I made him business proposals.
I made no more overtures.
I make it the object of my life.
I married someone better than them.
I may have sent you there on purpose.
I may manage to freight a cargo back as well.
I may now perhaps mention what I wished to say to you?
I may well pass that little and go on.
I mean to say — dash it, you know why hearts ache!
I mean to say, I couldn't back out.
I mean to say, all this had come as a complete surprise.
I mean to say, one does not court praise.
I mean, don't mention it any more.
I mean, somebody had got to.
I mean, the surgeon's knife, what?
I mean, what a pity!
I mean, why isn't it?
I mean, why should anybody split his trousers?
I mean, you can't have it both ways.
I mean, you know how it is.
I meet up with my ex-wife from time to time.
I mentor junior developers and train them to be confident.
I merely mention these things.
I merely mentioned that Job had them.
I might embroider that on a cushion.
I might even have forgotten that I had not used it myself.
I might have foreseen that she would be turning up shortly.
I might have heart disease.
I might have passed my whole life in the farmer's cornfield.
I mildly entreated him not to be despondent.
I miss you every day.
I missed the dermatology class, may I borrow your notes?
I missed you.
I mistrusted that man from the start.
I much prefer yoga than going to the gym
I murmured musingly.
I mused again.
I mused awhile.
I must emphasize that this is a test version.
I must have been asleep.
I must have been changed for Mabel!
I must have been ordered abroad, but how could I have gone?
I must have employment and society.
I must have two, you know—to come and go.
I must now be guided by circumstances.
I must prepare for them when I know they are coming.
I must reach it first, and then I’ll rest.
I must say I saw the girl's viewpoint.
I must say I was relieved by his departure.
I must say that my generous wrath had ebbed a bit.
I must settle this before I sleep.
I must shake hands over again with George's godson.
I must try what that will do.
I must warn Gussie without delay.
I muttered an "Oh, yes?"
I myself will decide what you shall wear.
I navigated to the page you instructed, but it won't open.
I nearly fell off my chair laughing
I nearly was fool enough to obey.
I need a big hug right now.
I need bifocal lenses.
I need fifty ten-foot-long segments of wire.
I need more info before I can action this.
I need one hundred dollars per person.
I need some more time to make an informed decision.
I need something clean.
I need to be in the right frame of mind to be productive.
I need to buy an extension lead
I need to buy some more sanitary towels, she said
I need to consult with my wife before I go ahead.
I need to familiarize myself in these surroundings.
I need to find space for my hamster
I need to go to the gents quite urgently
I need to go to the library before my book is overdue.
I need to go to the lost property office. I’ve lost my keys
I need to hire a car over the weekend
I need to mow the grass.
I need to open this can. Do you have a tin opener?
I need to plug my computer into a power point
I need to post this letter. Is there a postbox nearby?
I need to refer to my notes at this point.
I need to reverse the charges, please
I need to take private tuition to supplement my knowledge.
I needed to exchange insurance details with the other driver.
I needed to see her again one last time, for closure.
I needn’t tell you to keep deadly quiet.
I neither wish to spare myself nor to be spared.
I neither worked nor thought any more that night.
I never admired a man more than that butler.
I never allow what can't be changed to annoy me.
I never had such a night in my life!
I never had.
I never have any money.
I never heard anything like it.
I never in my life saw anything more elegant than their dresses.
I never knew her swoon before.
I never knew much of him.
I never know anything about money.
I never met with anybody who delighted me so much.
I never realized toddlers could get so riled up.
I never said he had.
I never saw anything like her in my life.
I never saw so remarkable a look in a young person.
I never saw such a house for getting in the way!
I never saw such faltering, such confusion, such amazement and apprehension.
I never saw the grandmother, so I guessed she was bedridden.
I never thought of that! said Dorothy, joyfully.
I never want the two to clash if I can help it.
I never was responsible in my life —  I can't be.
I never went out at all.
I never, to my knowledge, had the pleasure of seeing him.
I nicked a few cough sweets from my husband.
I nodded gravely.
I nodded moodily and speared another slab of omelette.
I nodded towards the window.
I noticed blood spouting from Kerfoot's left hand.
I noticed that all had pistols.
I noticed that its occupants carefully reversed it before leaving it.
I now froze, and the face became hard and set.
I now know it wasn't.
I obeyed, and a minute or two later they stood before him.
I observed your departure.
I obtained my degree five years ago.
I offer them mentorship.
I offered an apple, but she wanted a toffee apple.
I often spend Sunday morning with my husband, reading the Sunday newspaper
I only ask to be free.
I only eat organic food.
I only have access to free articles.
I only open up the navigation system when I'm utterly lost.
I only read the quotations.
I only say perhaps as to that.
I only tell you what I know.
I only want to rouse him.
I only wish her to be satisfied.
I opened the gate before.
I ordered a flat-pack pre-fabricated house.
I ordered a scan.
I ordered some commemorative pictures.
I ordered varifocal lenses.
I ought to know it.
I overlooked that point.
I overspent on my credit card
I owe so much to him.
I own a mobile pet grooming business.
I paid five yuan for the keyring.
I parked the car, and went in, well content.
I pass my days in court, my evenings and my nights here.
I pass over the miseries of that night among the wet hills.
I pass the greater part of the long vacation here.
I passed at the school six happy, quiet years.
I passed away and left them to it.
I passed my driving test!.
I passed my exam!
I pause for her reply.
I perceived that little good could result from continuing the discussion.
I performed an administrative role at my previous job.
I picked up one, and found it was in working order.
I picked up the telephone book and looked up the number of his house.
I pitied her so much.
I plan on becoming a lecturer next year.
I play that choice wide open to win.
I played Zelda when I was little.
I pointed out the silver lining.
I practice clinical medicine.
I pray you will get well soon.
I prefer digital clocks to analog.
I prefer playing draughts to chess
I presume this is your other ward, Miss Clare?
I pretended to consider very deeply.
I proceeded nervously, very much against my better judgement.
I pulled up a chair and sat down on it.
I pulled, suddenly, with all my might.
I pursed the lips.
I put it to you, Jeeves, can you see him declining?
I put my veil up.
I put on my surliest face and shrugged my shoulders.
I put them away in my mind.
I queried, groping.
I quite believe it.
I raised one of mine.
I raised the eyebrows again.
I raised the eyebrows.
I rarely use the landline telephone.
I rather enjoy a bit of noise, as a general rule.
I rather fancied the chap.
I rather feel it to be so.
I rather regret never having learned to play the cello.
I rather think Andy is a bit of a wide boy.
I read about it.
I read it through three times before I laid it down.
I read of his arrival two days ago in the newspaper.
I read the thing again.
I really appreciate a good noir thriller.
I really cannot laugh at it.
I really can’t afford to spend so much
I really don't care for her attitude
I really don't fancy going out today.
I really enjoyed our little chat.
I really feared that she was going to shoot me.
I really fell for her.
I really felt for her.
I really like Deep Learning.
I really must get a thinner pencil.
I really must insist that he undertakes the investigation personally.
I really should try to get some more sleep.
I really wished to see how Harry would take it.
I really wouldn't feel comfortable with that.
I reasoned with him, and pointed out his mistake.
I received a court summons this morning.
I received an acknowledgement of my application.
I received some forms, but haven't got round to filling them in yet.
I reckoned you’d ask for that, but I haven’t got it.
I recognised the quotation: it was about all the Latin I knew.
I recognized you in church on Sunday.
I recoiled in horror as I opened the curtains.
I recollect this lad some time ago being brought before the coroner.
I recollect you went on holiday to Spain, where are the best sights?
I recorded what passed between us on the lawn.
I refer my honourable friend to the answer I gave last week.
I regret not staying in touch with Roger.
I regretted this, for they sounded good.
I rejoice to see you!
I released the brakes just in time.
I remember Augustus mentioning it in his speech.
I remember faces very well.
I remember fitting-in a floppy drive on my desktop tower.
I remember that guy, I think it's Thomas.
I remember that you did seem dubious, sir.
I remember the young lady very well.
I remember wondering if I could get a job in those parts.
I remembered her hesitation when I read Marthe's letter.
I remembered that when I first began to suspect Harry.
I remembered the red wine of the Italian rancho, and shuddered inwardly.
I reminded myself that a week ago I had been finding the world dull.
I replied that I remembered to have seen him once before.
I replied that I was just enjoying my holiday.
I replied that you would.
I replied: 'also kidneys'.
I requested collection upon delivery.
I resent these implications.
I respect you for it.
I responded in the same affable key.
I restrained my impatience with an effort.
I returned to my work.
I root for this team.
I rose in life that way.
I rubbed a good deal of dirt into the sunburn of my cheeks.
I said I would be careful not to do it.
I said coldly.
I said it must have been a flatfish.
I said nothing of the contents.
I said the boy was the father of the man.
I said to myself 'Trust Jeeves,' and I intend to.
I said “What for?”’
I said, 'Don't talk rot, old Tom Travers.'
I said, 'You are a man of business, I believe?'
I said, and dismissed the matter as not worth thinking about.
I said, as nonchalantly as I could manage.
I said, between clenched teeth.
I said, startled for a moment.
I sailed third mate in the little Vampire before you were born.
I sang as I dressed for dinner that night.
I sank back on the pillows.
I sank into a handy chair.
I sat down in that chilly darkness in a very miserable frame of mind.
I sat in the ball-room in the interval, contemplating the apprentices.
I sat quite still and hopeless while the beat grew louder.
I saw Ben dashing through town in his Mini Cooper.
I saw Mr Pike nod his head grimly and sarcastically.
I saw a Ford Focus for sale.
I saw a skulking little owl.
I saw a young lady of that name not long ago.
I saw an aged aged man, a-sitting on a gate.
I saw it all myself, and it was splendid.
I saw it when she rolled.
I saw now that he was in the pink.
I saw that I should have to make myself clearer.
I saw that I should require footnotes.
I saw that he was struggling with some powerful emotion.
I saw that it was a special case.
I saw that it would be necessary to apply the finishing touch.
I saw that she had got the wires crossed.
I saw that she had got the wrong angle.
I saw the advertisement on the way to work.
I saw the carriage stop.
I saw this girl half an hour before I saw you.
I saw three ships.
I saw what had to be done.
I saw what she meant, of course.
I saw what was coming, leapt on the seat and would have jumped out.
I saw you pursue your friendship with her.
I saw you strike that gentleman hard.
I say it, though I am his mother.
I say to you, a million of times over, it is.
I say, it's all off.
I say, what are we going to do?
I say, you don't happen to have heard of a murder?
I scrapped that car ages ago.
I see exactly what you mean.
I see he is going to speak to you.
I see now you were laughing in your sleeve.
I see the shoes were made in town.
I see what you mean.
I seem to be developing a rash.
I sent my daughter to Cardiff University.
I set the alarm for seven am.
I shall always remember it.
I shall be a different man altogether in the country.
I shall be a mockery and a scorn.
I shall be a riot.
I shall be within the mark any way.
I shall come all right again, then, don't you be afraid.
I shall have to be very careful.
I shall help you.
I shall make the order.
I shall never be able to ask her to marry me.
I shall never forgive myself — never, never!
I shall never get to twenty at that rate!
I shall not be without means.
I shall not feel it at all.
I shall open the carriage door myself and you will get out.
I shall owe you, you don't know how much.
I shall pitch it strong, sparing no effort.
I shall pull through, my dear!
I shall ruin my shoes.
I shall see her in January.
I shall take no step without forewarning you.
I shall tell you something of her now.
I shan’t be long. There he goes!
I shook it, and it seemed rather flimsy.
I shook my head, wondering even what it was.
I shot a glance at Jeeves.
I should be available this afternoon
I should be disgraced.
I should be sent to prison, I suppose, when the day came.
I should have brought mine.
I should have moved to one side. I did not reply.
I should have remembered, they can't take it.
I should have some fashionable conversation.
I should have thought there might have been.
I should like to be climbing up there!
I should like to engage just for one whole life in that.
I should not be content.
I should wish to speak to you first.
I shouldn't have been fit for it.
I shouldn't wonder if we found a ginger-bread soldier downstairs.
I shout that every single day!
I simply could not accept his hospitality on false pretences.
I simply said nothing, and stood there looking brave.
I simply stared at him and stuttered.
I smoked in a chair till daylight, for I could not sleep.
I snapped the switch, but there was nobody there.
I soon found myself very busy.
I speak the common tongue.
I spend my wealth on philanthropic efforts.
I spent a warm and peaceful afternoon.
I spent all day in the park.
I spent some time looking around to get my bearings.
I spoke to him, and got an answer in the soft dialect of Essex.
I stared at him, speechless.
I stared at the man dumbly.
I stared at the man, astounded.
I stared at the man.
I stayed at my post till five o’clock.
I stole quietly along the drive.
I stood awhile in thought.
I stood looking at him in silence.
I stuffed my fishing-rod into his jaws, and I had a pistol.
I suffer from arthritis.
I suffer from carpal tunnel syndrome.
I suppose it was that word "upset" that touched Aunt Dahlia off.
I suppose it was, for he went away.
I suppose nobody ever was in such a state of ink.
I suppose she cursed me properly?
I suppose that no one has been allowed to enter the room?
I suppose we must make the best of it!
I suppose you have some settled home.
I suppose you might say that all's well that ends well.
I suppose you picked that lingo up among the Indians.
I suppose you were an excellent son.
I suppose you wonder why she is coming up here.
I suppose, as a matter of fact, Jeeves suggested it.
I supposed the room was empty.
I suppress names for the present.
I take it as a compliment.
I take it you believe in love at first sight?
I take loads of selfies.
I talked freely when that man was here.
I talked to one of the guides – very knowledgeable.
I tell you I am disgusted with this adventure tomfoolery and rot.
I tell you I despise that man.
I tell you I’m fair sick of it.
I tell you it does.
I tell you something more now.
I tell you this is no ordinary blundering affair.
I thank my honourable friend for that cheer.
I thank you all the same, sir, but — no lawyer!
I thank you with all my heart.
I thank you, no, not a morsel.
I thanked him with my whole heart.
I then left the garden, closing the gate behind me.
I then proceeded to the object of my visit.
I then take over and put you on the right lines.
I think I do, Charley, though not by name.
I think I know that much of him.
I think I might be adopted.
I think I would like a little orange juice.
I think I'll add just another fluid ounce or so.
I think I'll order the pulled pork in a bun.
I think Machine Learning is great.
I think Machine Translation will get better with time.
I think Manchester United is the best team, but I'm subjective.
I think Mark coined that phrase first.
I think Tuppy was surprised.
I think a sequential model can solve this problem.
I think after that she will need no further help.
I think he may be one of my great uncles.
I think he may be trying to slide out of it.
I think he’ll be all right. He’s very solid.
I think his object was to clear you if anything happened.
I think it is pretty.
I think it is rather our way to be in earnest.
I think it's much nicer to quarrel.
I think she's organising some sort of do.
I think that may be important.
I think the poor mutt's loony.
I think the solution is obvious.
I think the worse of him?
I think they meant to kill me.
I think we had better talk about this, really, Ada.
I think we have to agree that he didn't mean it.
I think we may assume that he has every detail stamped on his mind.
I think we'd better keep mum about that.
I think we’re in a strong position
I think you had better leave me, Jeeves.
I think you're protesting much over nothing really, although I could be wrong.
I think you’ve dropped your hair slide
I think, if I had been standing up, I would have staggered.
I thought I had seen you somewhere.
I thought I saw flames.
I thought I should.
I thought I shouldn't find you far away from the food.
I thought I would say no more about it.
I thought as much.
I thought he probably had some kind of graft with the constabulary.
I thought he was probably the son of the servant-woman.
I thought it looked a little queer.
I thought it was not possible.
I thought it was the regular rule.
I thought it would be fun. And so it has been.
I thought nothing of her rancour.
I thought of it too.
I thought of that solitary light burning steadily under the roof.
I thought of the little black book in my pocket!
I thought she did.
I thought she had left this neighbourhood altogether, Charley.
I thought she might like a stroll and a chat.
I thought that her new novel was absolutely hopeless. Complete rubbish
I thought that she was very anxious not to be seen.
I thought then, growing uneasy, that I ought to write an answer.
I thought there was a fire.
I thought they were fine.
I thought we had done with him.
I thought you had dropped that rot.
I thought you had gone.
I thought you said something about somebody's father.
I thought you said something.
I thought, boastfully, that they never could break my heart.
I ticked him off properly, the poor fish.
I told her of the spirits with whom we held converse.
I told her she was tired, and I was sorry.
I told her so.
I told him what I had come for.
I told something of the military plans of my Government.
I told the story well, though I say it who shouldn’t.
I told you I had hopes.
I told you Jeeves wasn't the only fellow with brain.
I told you not to come to me!
I told you the food stank.
I took Charley into my confidence, and we went out at dusk.
I took Sir Walter to town by the Bath Road and made good going.
I took his hand and kissed it.
I took my head in my hands and thought.
I took my place at the table in a kind of dream.
I took out Ada's letter and put it in his hand.
I took out an unsecured loan of two thousand dollars.
I took several transient jobs.
I took up one, and found that it crumbled easily in my hand.
I tooted and drove off.
I travelled with half a dozen in an atmosphere of shag and clay pipes.
I tried for hours, but none of the words answered.
I tried one to make certain, and found the fastenings secure.
I tried sushi once, but it was from a supermarket.
I tried to assure her that this was not so.
I tried to read George Moore last night, and was dreadfully bored.
I tried uploading family photos to the cloud, but the throughput was slow.
I trust her implicitly.
I trust they intend to inform us about their plans.
I trust you had a pleasant drive, sir.
I trust you had an enjoyable ride.
I try to be objective in my opinion.
I turned my head aside, and it was gone.
I turned, and saw two men-servants who had me covered with pistols.
I understand that your position was very difficult.
I understand we have a board meeting on Tuesday
I understood him and waved in thanks.
I unpursed my lips.
I use Flickr to store most of my important photographs online
I use great trouble advisedly.
I use my iPad more than my laptop
I use the train to avoid the frustration of being in traffic.
I used a brightening detergent and the shirt looks like new.
I used a combination of modern and old school techniques.
I used a sieve to filter out the larger pieces.
I used colouring pencils to get the subtle colours in the sky.
I used my intuition to figure out where to go.
I used the Euro tunnel this time around.
I used to live in Saint Bernard Parish.
I used to skip school, but I shouldn't have.
I used to watch teenage mutant ninja hero turtles.
I usually walk here early.
I vacuumed the room.
I venture to take issue with you, Aunt Dahlia.
I ventured to ask him.
I very much appreciate the trouble you've been taking
I very much doubt that that will make any difference.
I waited for a bit, and then started to explore the cupboard shelves.
I walked forward a few steps.
I want a better work-life balance.
I want five hundred pound.
I want my autonomous car to come to me on demand like night rider.
I want my men to work by themselves.
I want only one.
I want the facts.
I want to be a published author when I grow up.
I want to become a Restaurateur.
I want to compose my speech.
I want to die in it.
I want to know how all this is possible.
I want to know your real thoughts, my dear.
I want to learn Zoology.
I want to make you happy.
I want to plug my lawnmower into mains power
I want to pull his head off.
I want to start the job hitting the ground running.
I want you to consider my suggestion carefully.
I want you to drive back.
I want you to read this description through again.
I want you to wake up and listen to me
I wanted so much to live.
I wanted some time to myself, so I invented a job for him.
I wanted that back-door key, and I wanted it now.
I wanted to see you.
I warmed my hands near the gas fire.
I warned you fairly, didn't I?
I was Hump, cabin boy on the schooner Ghost.
I was a good-enough-tempered man once, I believe.
I was a real country boy, once.
I was a ward myself.
I was able to sail a boat, under the guidance of my instructor.
I was able to speak: "What?"
I was about to do this when cooler judgment prevailed.
I was about to mount the stairs.
I was accepted into Harvard!
I was amazed by its heavenly geometry.
I was asked to descend down the stairs.
I was astonished by his lack of maturity
I was beneath the water, suffocating and drowning.
I was bequeathed the statuette in my grandmother's will.
I was beside myself upon hearing the news.
I was born in the country, Phil.
I was born on January first, nineteen seventy.
I was broken hearted by my first love.
I was brought up the way most girls in Hawaii are brought up.
I was cleaning the car.
I was completely lost in my work.
I was concerned to the core.
I was concerned.
I was convinced that something terrible had happened.
I was deeply moved.
I was delayed for almost an hour because of roadworks
I was fined for returning the library book late.
I was frightfully sorry to hear of that.
I was glad to hear this.
I was glad to see it.
I was glad when it was over.
I was going to do my wrapping tonight.
I was going to remonstrate.
I was hoping for the next dance.
I was hoping you might be able to assist me with an acquisition.
I was in New York when the crash came.
I was in a fraternity in college.
I was in no mood for bandying words.
I was in the dark there.
I was in the soup — that was pretty clear.
I was informed that you had returned.
I was intent on getting to the bottom of this mystery.
I was jealous — yes, jealous.
I was merely tapping the phone, yet the screen cracked.
I was more than a bit perturbed.
I was near the cabin, and saw you.
I was no longer hungry, and let several courses pass untasted.
I was not attracted by her.
I was not aware that you were here, Sir Leicester.
I was not feeling unmixedly at my ease.
I was not myself.
I was not prepared for it.
I was not sneezing.
I was not talking drivel.
I was not to cry out in the face of fear.
I was not troubled about it until I came here.
I was now certain of it.
I was on the phone when I saw the violin guy.
I was on the wrong side of the post.
I was only paid a measly two dollars.
I was only too happy to be in such request.
I was permitted to say so much.
I was perplexed.
I was pretty certain that I had to deal with a madman.
I was pulled over for jumping red lights.
I was pulled over for skipping the red traffic light.
I was quite well but a moment ago.
I was rapidly getting into a very bad temper.
I was rather alarmed again.
I was reading aloud, and she was listening.
I was relieved to find her in genial mood.
I was rewarded with an idea.
I was right, Alphonse.
I was shattered at the news she had passed away.
I was shocked.
I was sick once -- typhoid.
I was so vexed to see him stand up with her!
I was staking all on getting to Queen Anne’s Gate.
I was still less able to speak than before.
I was still weak from my prolonged immersion.
I was stuck in traffic all day!
I was sure of it.
I was sure, but I still wanted evidence to convict.
I was surprised at Angela.
I was taught that very cruelly.
I was terribly frightened of what would happen.
I was the only one who remained sitting.
I was the school prefect.
I was the weakest candidate, but I got the job through passion.
I was thinking of something so different!.
I was thinking that Tuppy is probably lurking somewhere.
I was tired and careless.
I was too afraid that I should lose him.
I was trained in the dark arts of assembly coding.
I was trying to think who you reminded me of.
I was useful to him, and he was useful to me.
I was very much changed — oh, very, very much.
I was very much in earnest.
I was very retired and quiet, and tried to be very diligent.
I was wondering you hadn’t got some too.
I was writing to you, Esther.
I wasn’t any kind of Sherlock Holmes.
I wasn’t feeling very confident.
I watch more Netflix now, and less terrestrial television
I watched the concert live.
I waved a hand and shrugged a shoulder.
I waved a jaunty hand.
I well remember delivering the letter to him.
I went again into the garden, but this time with greater caution.
I went back to where we had started.
I went on with my hair now, quite comfortably.
I went through hell when I was evicted.
I went to a formal party and was dressed formally.
I will always love my family and friends.
I will arbitrate on your behalf.
I will be able to start the role hitting the ground running.
I will be at the triathlon.
I will be coming into work this afternoon.
I will be fitted with a cochlear implant to improve my hearing.
I will be in constant contact with the team while working from home remotely.
I will be working alongside you on this project.
I will be your wife.
I will begin contracting out my services as it is more profitable.
I will begin revving the engine, please check if there is any black smoke.
I will bring it out, sir.
I will bring the car down to the door.
I will come over tomorrow for the money.
I will consult with my superiors.
I will dispense with excuses.
I will do more for you than you figure to yourself now.
I will eat sea bass for dinner.
I will expect a response before Wednesday
I will give you no further trouble about this little wager.
I will know where they are.
I will mention the matter tomorrow morning when I take my seat.
I will never stop caring for my children.
I will not be working while I convalesce after my operation.
I will not hear you say such shameful words!
I will not mince my words.
I will not repeat what I said to Richard.
I will not trouble you.
I will now accept questions from the floor.
I will outlive this danger, if I can.
I will remember, if I can!
I will see what she is doing.
I will sit underneath the light switch in the salon.
I will speak to her myself tomorrow.
I will speak to him.
I will take up this case.
I will tell her what you say.
I will tell you.
I will watch over you.
I will write anything, here and now, that you will dictate.
I wish I was dead!
I wish in business to be exact and open.
I wish to compare his writing with some that I have.
I wish to hear it at the window, then.
I wish we were all dead.
I wish you good day, and I hope you'll do well.
I wish you had been there.
I wish you were down here with me!
I wish you were more adaptable, Joan retorted.
I wish your ladyship good day.
I wished it could be terminated.
I woke up with a feeling of being suffocated.
I woke very cold and stiff about an hour after dawn.
I woke with a burning head and the sun glaring in my face.
I won a holiday to Australia.
I won't squeeze you tighter than I can help.
I wonder I never thought of that before.
I wonder if I’ve been changed in the night?
I wonder if it feels lonely.
I wonder if they’d give you milk in there?
I wonder what the row was about.
I wonder what they’ll do next!
I wonder what’ll become of my name when I go in?
I wonder you don't starve in your own way also.
I wondered if Scudder had turned in already.
I wondered if the man last night had seen that I recognised him.
I wore a fancy dress mask.
I work as a teaching assistant.
I work at the hospital as a paediatrician.
I work on data analysis and cleanup.
I worked hard on that!
I worked hard to absorb all of my notes before the exams.
I would bet Itchy and Scratchy are best friends in real life.
I would definitely take that with a pinch of salt
I would give my head to know where the leak is.
I would have given a thousand pounds to plunge my face into that.
I would like a meter of Yarn, please.
I would like to be a homeowner.
I would like to carve a wooden dolphin.
I would like to donate these books.
I would like to express my gratitude.
I would like to inform you that I am temporarily out of work.
I would like to request revisions.
I would love to take the car for a test drive.
I would not advocate it, sir.
I would not endure it.
I would not make you unhappy for all the world!
I would not pass another winter here for much.
I would not suffer it.
I would prefer not to get drunk.
I would rather be hanged in my own way.
I would rather say no more.
I would rather wear a seatbelt than be a crash test dummy statistic.
I would recommend a hasty sandwich.
I would suggest another approach entirely.
I would, of course, merely take him into consultation.
I wouldn't advise taking the shortcut
I wouldn't dare to deliver the product in that state.
I wouldn't do it.
I wouldn't dream of climbing down.
I wouldn't have done it, sir.
I wouldn't have wanted a different career, he said.
I wouldn't hurt you for the world.
I wouldn't like to lose anything by being taught wrong now.
I wouldn't trust him.
I wound up the coil of wires.
I wrote letters to my wife by hand.
I wrote to my sister, and here is her reply.
I zapped my contactless card.
I'd been thinking of adding a small pond to the estate.
I'd like to have the headline centred.
I'd like to order a large pepperoni pizza for delivery.
I'd like to speak with your manager.
I'd love a voice assistant that's locally hosted.
I'd love it.
I'd say there was going to be a glorious scrap.
I'd sell myself first.
I'd sooner have my chips back.
I'll be out of my head in fifteen minutes.
I'll be sitting here in my lonesome.
I'll come back to tea.
I'll create a virtualenv in this folder.
I'll do my best, but I can't promise.
I'll drink Earl Grey tea please.
I'll find a way to use them, never fear!
I'll give a thousand if you produce her, retorted Gregson.
I'll go at once for the Golden Cap.
I'll go over tomorrow afternoon.
I'll have a Taco, please.
I'll have a cappuccino please.
I'll have a flat white please.
I'll have a regular Espresso please.
I'll have an Espresso, please.
I'll have no more of your pipe-smoking and swaggering.
I'll have the cherry and plum flavoured drink please.
I'll have two beers, a pint of scrumpy and half a shandy please
I'll just apply that to your order.
I'll just leave them on this bench.
I'll look on Github for support.
I'll never forget what they did for me, as long as I live.
I'll only be in the way.
I'll put in the capital and we'll share the winnings.
I'll read the Keras documentation this weekend.
I'll see to poor Hughie.
I'll see what I can do.
I'll see you there in half an hour buddy.
I'll tell you my own case.
I'll tell you what.
I'll tell you, Bertie.
I'll tell you, the librarian said with a brightening face.
I'm a big fan!.
I'm a defender for the football team.
I'm a hopeless romantic.
I'm afraid he doesn't care for me in that way.
I'm afraid of spiders.
I'm afraid that is in fact legal south of the river.
I'm afraid you've been having a sticky time.
I'm all in.
I'm all right enough.
I'm all tucked in and cosy.
I'm always up before the sun has risen.
I'm always writing for Ma.
I'm an Alumni of the University.
I'm an entry-level clerk.
I'm as good as a man, she urged.
I'm as hollow as the Grand Canyon.
I'm at home.
I'm away to Lincolnshire to bring that old lady here.
I'm confused it's like an enigma.
I'm convinced that she is related to me in some way.
I'm crawling with soul.
I'm distracted about it.
I'm drawing the line here.
I'm earning my degree in underwater basket weaving.
I'm engaged to Miss Bassett.
I'm excited about starting this new job.
I'm expecting a credit on my account.
I'm feeling rather sick!
I'm filtering the junk emails.
I'm finding it very difficult to adjust
I'm glad none of this is going to waste.
I'm gluten intolerant, and there are many foods that I can't digest.
I'm going down there with you, and I'm going to fight.
I'm going to bath the baby after tea
I'm going to call it a day.
I'm going to medical school.
I'm going to murder him.
I'm going to put the whole thing up to him.
I'm going to search this room from end to end.
I'm going to shove it off on to Gussie.
I'm going to study Neural Networks this weekend.
I'm going to take you there in a fortnight.
I'm going to tell you what I want you for.
I'm going to the market after school.
I'm guessing the approximate time is one o'clock.
I'm happy with this approach.
I'm having a crippling pain coming from my abdomen.
I'm having difficulty repairing the router.
I'm here for the placement interview.
I'm hooked on American football.
I'm hoovering the room.
I'm hopeless, and there's an end of it.
I'm hoping that Mozilla's Open Voice project will be successful.
I'm hoping that we'll be able to go skiing in January.
I'm in bed and starting to cough, unfortunately.
I'm in the process of acquiring a drivers license.
I'm looking to buy a Toyota Celica Coupe in black.
I'm named after my uncle.
I'm no black belt coder but I am persistent.
I'm not a philosopher, but I play one on television.
I'm not a silly young geezer.
I'm not blaming you, Jeeves.
I'm not doing anything Saturday evening.
I'm not drivelling.
I'm not fat.
I'm not fooling around guys.
I'm not going to falter despite losing.
I'm not going to let myself be fired.
I'm not going to risk that!
I'm not having this.
I'm not in a position to say.
I'm not loaded with dosh.
I'm not quite sure.
I'm not so sure about this block chain thing yet.
I'm not sure; I think the chances are about fifty-fifty
I'm not talking about Angela.
I'm not talking about your Scripture prize.
I'm not totally convinced!
I'm not vain.
I'm not worrying about them.
I'm not your personal butler, Jake.
I'm out washing today.
I'm parched. Let's have a cuppa
I'm playing a single hand in what looks like a losing game.
I'm predicted a grade A this semester.
I'm quite all right.
I'm reading a fascinating detective story.
I'm really hoping it will be different this time.
I'm really not able to choose between them.
I'm rooting for you!.
I'm shaken all to pieces!
I'm so afraid he may be hungry, poor fellow.
I'm so busy, I need time to think.
I'm so glad to be part of this community.
I'm so glad we don't have to type in a ring-tone anymore.
I'm so happy at this meeting!
I'm so tired, I can't be bothered to move.
I'm somewhat sceptical of horoscopes and tarot card readers.
I'm sorry but we must leave now.
I'm sorry, Bertie, I didn't hear.
I'm sorry. I beg your pardon.
I'm starving. Shall we get some fish and chips at the chip shop?
I'm still good friends with my ex-husband.
I'm struggling to begin writing my novel.
I'm sure I'm surprised at that.
I'm sure going along with you all, Elijah.
I'm sure she is dreadfully upset.
I'm sure the government had given them an unqualified promise.
I'm sure to blow up in my lines.
I'm surprised at you, young Angela.
I'm talking about this man.
I'm the acquisition manager.
I'm working on it.
I'm working on strengthening my arms.
I'm writing my essay on municipal internet.
I've been experiencing Vertigo.
I've been granted an honorary degree.
I've been listening to the future maker's podcasts by Oxford University.
I've been online gaming all night.
I've been putting in a lot of solid thinking about it.
I've been saying something similar for years.
I've been through that sort of thing once.
I've been timing my speech, and it lasts five seconds.
I've been transferred between offices a dozen times already.
I've dished myself there completely.
I've enough to endure without being tutted at.
I've found Firefox runs faster than Chrome.
I've gone off the rails.
I've got a high pair as belonged to mother.
I've got a horrible cold today.
I've got engaged three times at Brinkley.
I've had a lot of fun out of it.
I've had a speech impediment since childhood.
I've just been reading it. What about it?
I've just been seeing Tuppy.
I've just been talking to Tom.
I've known her my whole life.
I've lost the best cook to England.
I've never been away for longer than a week.
I've never been into bars I prefer activities instead.
I've never been to Beverly Hills.
I've never been to Japan.
I've never had that distinction.
I've never seen the Pacific Ocean.
I've never touched a drop in my life.
I've no idea who he is: just some Joe Bloggs
I've often wondered how that gag was worked.
I've probably forgotten how to ride.
I've recommended it to Tuppy.
I've spent the weekend on R and R.
I've told my girls that they ought to be aiming higher.
I've turned my life around.
I, I beg pardon, he drawled.
I, too, Mr. Ricardo, have artistic inclinations.
I, too, have been thinking of what will become of Celia.
Ibrahim is a member of the board of directors.
Ice hockey players literally walk on water.
Ice lollies are much nicer than ice cream cones
Idealism led him to philosophic anarchy, and his family threw him off.
Ideas are uncopyrightable.
Idle tales, you’ll say, and so say I.
If I ever needed a fighter in my life I need one now.
If I had any money, I don't know anything about it.
If I had had it, I should have hurried away.
If I may take the liberty to inquire.
If I meet her again I shall apologize, said Eileen.
If I might make a suggestion, madam.
If I relapse and go back to smoking, can you remind me?
If I twiddled my fingers, it was merely to assist thought.
If I was a betting man.
If I was out of the game it would be easily made.
If I were not dumb, you would be deaf.
If I were weak now, what had I profited by those mercies?
If I were you, I should do it in this rose garden.
If Pete threatens anyone again he ought to be sacked.
If a data scientist can program, a developer can do vice versa.
If a mass vehicle flaw is identified, a mandatory recall may be needed.
If a space ship fuel is depleted, does that mean they are stranded?
If he means this ironically, it may be truer than he thinks.
If he takes me anywhere, I must go.
If he was spinning me a yarn he could act up to it.
If he wishes to avoid seeing me, he must go.
If in doubt, check it out.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If it be not so, let Mr. Darcy contradict it.
If it doesn't look out for yourself.
If it is any conciliation to you, the troll has been blocked.
If it wasn't for Dorothy I should never have had brains.
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade
If not, let's say our prayers and go to bed.
If only I had more confidence in Scudder’s judgement.
If only he can keep off newts.
If only he did not see her!
If only my friends could see me now!
If only you had heard of the telegram yesterday in time!
If she comes again, send her here.
If she could only free her lips!
If she had remained here, sir, she would have improved, no doubt.
If she refused this condition now she would excite her to a terrible suspicion.
If so, excuse my giving you unnecessary trouble.
If so, it were better that he knew nothing.
If something seems too good to be true, you need to be sceptical.
If something were to happen to you, it would devastate me.
If something worth is doing, it's worth doing right.
If that chimney continues to lean to the left, it's going to collapse.
If that's her name.
If that's responsibility, I am responsible.
If the algorithm does not behave as expected, contact the supplier with feedback.
If the cupboard held such deadly explosives, why not the boxes?
If the data does not change often use caching.
If the hat fits, then wear it!
If the murderer did not buy it, how did he obtain it?
If the product is deficient in any way, please contact us.
If the world was to stop spinning today, we would all cease to exist.
If there is extraterrestrial life out there, they've probably already turned back around.
If there's anything you need, just ask
If they come much closer, they'll be within spitting distance.
If they don't stop, why should I?
If they thought they could get the information in Paris they would try there.
If we can save even one life, then it would be worth it.
If we design it that way.
If we examine the data, we find errors were logged on consecutive days.
If we first conceptualize and critique it, we can make it happen.
If we have foresight over what consumers like.
If we keep changing the requirements at this stage, we risk compromising the deadline.
If we look after the world and each other.
If we work together we can transcend differences.
If wormhole technology existed maybe the universe would be a much smaller place.
If you accept my service, you will not repent it.
If you are affected by this, please let us know.
If you are always cold, you should wear a vest under your shirt
If you are posting something valuable you should pay for recorded delivery
If you are stupid enough to do that, I can't guarantee your safety.
If you are unsure a link is genuine, search on Google.
If you believe me, I swung along that road whistling.
If you can afford it, take a taxi rather than a bus
If you can assist, please write a cheque.
If you chuck a ball the dog will usually fetch it back for you.
If you combine these items into one order, you can save on postage.
If you compare yourself with others, you may become vain or bitter
If you continue making such a racket, you will be asked to leave.
If you continue to berate our staff we must ask you to leave.
If you continue working hard like this, I can approve your promotion.
If you could go back, what would be your ideal profession?
If you do not object I think their assistance may be useful.
If you do such a thing again, I’ll have you buttered!
If you don't believe me, I'll prove it to you!
If you don't believe me, you need to read the article yourself
If you don't care who gets the credit.
If you don't like it, I can't help it.
If you don't mind, I think I'll be going in.
If you don't stop it manually, the next video clip will autoplay.
If you don't want skin cancer, remember to apply your suncream regularly
If you don’t know what that is, look at the picture.
If you encrypt your hard drive you need to remember your password for decryption.
If you go along it, you come to a pond.
If you go swimming regularly, you can call yourself a swimmer.
If you had listened more carefully, you would have heard me.
If you had to use an image processing program, would you choose Photoshop?
If you have a headache you might want to take a paracetamol
If you have a headache, you can take a paracetamol or an aspirin
If you have anything to say, say it, say it.
If you instruct children with patience, they learn quicker.
If you knew Brinkley Court, you would not ask that question.
If you know what you mean, that's quite enough.
If you look closer the asymmetries become apparent.
If you mean to insinuate -- Brentwood began hotly.
If you need a telephone number, it’s best to call directory enquiries
If you never quit, eventually you will arrive at your goal.
If you notice a suspicious website and are certain it is fake, report them.
If you only could know how I thank you.
If you opened the skylight, he could jump in.
If you pay peanuts, you only get monkeys.
If you please.
If you see symptoms of someone having a stroke call one-one-two immediately.
If you take the handbrake off, the car is likely to roll away
If you think I like it, you jolly well mistake yourself.
If you think so, guardian, it is right.
If you want a quick break you can put it into snooze mode.
If you want to book tickets, just pop a cheque in the post.
If you want to travel by underground, first find the nearest tube station
If you want to wrap food, then clingfilm is extremely useful
If you were shipwrecked on a deserted island, how would you survive?
If you're going camping, don't forget to pack your towel, flannel, and pyjamas
If you've made a typing mistake you can correct it with Tippex
If your love interest turns you down, don't harass them.
If your ship breaks down, share your geographic coordinates.
Iliac artery.
Illuminating oil was becoming all profit.
Illustrate a cat.
Images used on Wikipedia are normally stored in its image repository, Wikimedia Commons
In Britain we say Anti-clockwise rather than Counterclockwise
In Britain, A-levels are taken in the sixth form
In Britain, a furnace is known as a central heating boiler
In Britain, a grocer sells general groceries
In Britain, an overpass is known as a flyover
In Britain, mains power is typically supplied at two hundred and thirty volts
In British English, brackets are the same things as parentheses
In Celia's mind there was still the one desperate resolve.
In England, County Record Offices act as local repositories.
In England, car owners must pay a vehicle excise duty tax.
In England, most criminals are dealt with by the Magistrates’ Courts.
In February it will be our anniversary.
In Germany it is illegal to deny the holocaust.
In Japanese tradition, the number four is often considered to be unlucky
In Switzerland, hardly a glance, hardly a word.
In a bittersweet turn of events, the brothers reunited after their mother died.
In a deep, dark and desolate place.
In a dreadful suspense she heard the woman speak in a hushed, awestruck voice.
In a flash Philip followed its direction.
In a flash he was on his feet, facing him.
In a frenzy she tried to shake her head free.
In a good cause one is prepared to suffer.
In a moment she would be free.
In a nutshell, a car is a motorized vehicle.
In a safe in her bedroom, monsieur.
In a second there would have been the deuce of a wreck.
In a voice of sonorous complaint on the instant of his rising.
In a way he is my protege.
In a word, defeatist.
In actual fact, the dog did not eat his homework.
In addition, we found unique formations in this section of the rock.
In all his life he has never bred a single butterfly.
In all honesty, I haven't got a clue what he said.
In an instant Adele's head was out of the window.
In an instant the lights were out.
In anger, he floored his love rival.
In any case we must not be hard on him.
In company with them we will inspect the villa.
In consequence of the judgment I expect being shortly given.
In consequence of the necessity of attending on him.
In decent conversation there is always a reticence.
In essence, it will make our community an inviting place to live.
In fact, I don’t believe that pudding ever will be cooked!
In fact, I thought his whole performance in the most perfect taste.
In fact, I'm pretty sure I would.
In fact, I'm sure he was.
In fact, he said, he had no head for detail.
In fact, you will be killing two birds with one stone, sir.
In front of her eyes the darkness whirled, flecked with fire.
In general, no.
In geography, I learned the difference between arable and pastoral farming.
In half an hour’s time a figure came out that I scarcely recognized.
In her haste to get away she had forgotten these things.
In her later years she used to ride a motorbike
In her third term at uni she decided to take up kickboxing
In here you can interact with avatars from around the world.
In his anxiety and solicitude and love they did not count.
In his left hand was a small book with a finger marking the place.
In it there was something that was almost tragedy.
In it was the joy of life.
In light of recent developments, the meeting is postponed until tomorrow.
In longing hopelessly for these dainties I fell asleep.
In many cases, Refugees were highly educated professionals in their former home nation.
In moments of mental energy Philip was restless.
In most countries, petrol is sold in litres
In my opinion, doughnuts take a lot of beating.
In one of the windows.
In order to jumpstart a car you are going to need jump leads
In partnership with Daylight, the pair raided the San Jose Interurban.
In practice, this is rarely done.
In rare circumstances its necessary to be brutally honest but respectfully.
In short, I had come down on purpose.
In short, a notable outsider, shunned by all.
In short, my joyous individualism was dominated by the orthodox bourgeois ethics.
In some countries it is not legal to drink alcohol until twenty-one
In some places, American football is snarkily called hand-egg.
In spite of his education, he didn't know that seventeen was a prime number
In spite of their absurdity the words affected Philip curiously.
In statistics we need to distinguish between false positives and false negatives
In such a tumbling of values was no time to sell.
In that case he could not miss them, if he used caution.
In that case you will send me to the prison, perhaps?
In that case, move elsewhere.
In that shape ran Harry's thoughts.
In the Bohemian Club of San Francisco there are some crack sailors.
In the United Kingdom we use the spellings fuelled and fuelling.
In the United States, Thanksgiving is on the fourth Thursday of November.
In the United States, cornflour is known as cornstarch
In the Victorian period gin was a very popular drink for the working class
In the back room up there.
In the backdrop, the family was recovering from the loss.
In the bathroom there is a sink, bath, toilet and bidet.
In the business part of the proceedings he carried all before him.
In the car were Unwin and Harrison, while Jones sat with the chauffeur.
In the carotid artery.
In the company's infancy, it only had three workers.
In the crib the baby sat up and began to prattle.
In the doorway the driver of the cab was standing.
In the eastern desert, it is less hot.
In the end, they triumphed over the other team.
In the final chapter of his life, he pursued philanthropy projects.
In the future, large companies will dis-intermediate to compete with smaller agile companies.
In the future, we may have bionic organs when our natural organs fail us.
In the latest news I found a further instalment of the story.
In the matter of curry she is a sheer genius.
In the matter of gravy he is adamant.
In the matter of your mess-jacket, sir.
In the north as we came down, sir.
In the open ways of the Park I put on a spurt.
In the picture he saw each moment a greater resemblance to Jeanne.
In the post-orange-juice era?
In the present instance, there is absolutely nothing to say 'Sir?'
In the rooms, I suppose?
In the salon darkness had come.
In the spring, the former sowed his seeds.
In the video, a man stops to let a cat cross the street.
In these circumstances, conversation inevitably flagged a bit.
In these romantic surroundings.
In this example, the girls are the clear winners.
In this family we are all children, and I am the youngest.
In this image, we can see a dwarf star.
In this paper, the authors examine health, wealth and inequality.
In this school we allow our students to hone their natural skills and flourish.
In this society, she reigns supreme.
In this time of modernity, knowledge is abundant.
In this very garden.
In those romantic surroundings you can't miss.
In times of despair, look out for the helpers and you will find hope.
In times of tragedies, look for the helpers and you will see hope.
In twelve hours she was very ill. And Charley did not die.
In what bucolic school of fence he had been taught was beyond imagining.
In, and of itself, it would have little impact.
Increment the order quantity if you require more than one item.
Incumbents almost always win the elections.
Indeed I was in better spirits than I had been for months.
Indeed, I know he did.
Indeed, I went to the river.
Indeed, Jane, you ought to believe me.
Indeed, he came in and turned our conversation.
Indeed, he did not look towards Harry's face at all.
Indeed, he married her for love.
Indeed, you said rightly, monsieur — she was clever.
Industrial automation is an essential component of a factory.
Initial readings indicate an influx of toxic chemicals.
Innovation takes perspiration.
Instantiate an instance of the Person class.
Instead of pouring unused water down the sink, collect it and water the garden.
Instead, he arrived on the night of the second day.
Instead, he joined her; and they ate like two hungry children.
Intellectual property includes patents, trademarks and designs
Interested people have perhaps misrepresented each to the other.
Intergalactic transport has not been invented yet.
International humanitarian law was established to protect the people.
Interpretability in machine learning models helps us understand what decisions really mean.
Invest with me, and I can ensure good profits.
Investing in small business startups nationally could catalyze growth in the economy.
Investment in startups has catalyzed innovation and entrepreneurship in the village.
Investment on our self can yield more opportunities.
Investors didn't have an appetite for risk after losing money.
Investors want a tangible return on investment.
Irrespective of what operating system you use.
Is 'acrid' the word I want?
Is 'propinquity' the word you wish, sir?
Is anybody keeping an audit trail?
Is anything the matter, Dahlia, darling?
Is enrolment open for the lecture in London?
Is he a good doctor, my love?
Is he going to have a stag night before the wedding?
Is he in receipt of housing benefit?
Is he still upset about that income-tax money?
Is it a bad thing to be a perfectionist?
Is it a go or no-go?
Is it a secret, sir?
Is it alive?’
Is it because we are invited?
Is it blank cartridge or ball?
Is it by that train that she will come?
Is it chalked upon the walls and cried in the streets?
Is it economical?
Is it far from here?
Is it fear or is it anger now?
Is it gluten-free?
Is it not clear enough?
Is it not dangerous to sit in so exposed a place?
Is it not, therefore, probable that she usually wore them?
Is it safe now, mother?
Is it something I said?
Is it tax-deductible?
Is it true that you cheated when you won that Scripture-knowledge prize?
Is it two days?
Is one to have no privacy?
Is she going to have a hen night before the wedding?
Is she handsome?
Is she married, my dear?
Is someone there?
Is that Pat Hanrahan's mug looking hungry and willing.
Is that a bargain?
Is that a pretty affair? Is that convenient?
Is that a television or a radio aerial?
Is that a translation, or merely a transliteration?
Is that an open source document, or is it copyright-protected?
Is that based on psychology?
Is that crazy or what?
Is that door locked, Jeeves?
Is that even legal?
Is that man over there sitting or lying?
Is that program proprietary software, or is it open source?
Is that understood?
Is the attorney's presence necessary tomorrow, Sir?
Is the hand not always pointing there?
Is the man born yet, is the spade wrought yet?
Is the restaurant accessible for the disabled?
Is the wind in the east today?
Is the world is a better place than it was fifty years ago?
Is there a chimney on fire?
Is there a cooker in the kitchen?
Is there an app version of this website?
Is there any Capital Gains tax due on this sale?
Is there any chance that you could chair the meeting?
Is there any difference between the words Upcoming and forthcoming? she asked
Is there any one in view at present?
Is there any room for negotiation?
Is there anything on your mind?
Is there anything that you require of me?
Is there no compensation for miscarriages of justice?
Is there no one who can help me?
Is this a hard water or a soft water area?
Is this a healthy place to live in, Richard, do you think?
Is this a vegan product?
Is this all you have to say?
Is this amusing for me? You think I like it?
Is this area good for children?
Is this edible?
Is this free from gluten?
Is this gluten-free?
Is this international movie dubbed or subbed?
Is this just towards her?
Is this mashed potato or mashed swede?
Is this our previous understanding?
Is this place of abomination consecrated ground?
Is this some sort of test?
Is this suitable for vegetarians?
Is this true concerning the poor girl?
Is this your young attendant?
Is your camera a Canon or a Nikon?
Isaac Ford, the austere soldier of the Lord, the old hypocrite.
Isaac Newton was indisputably a genius.
Islam means peace.
Isn't it a beauty?
Isn’t that grand!
Isn’t that name a bit authoritarian?
It almost choked me, and I couldn’t answer when my partner spoke.
It appeared to me that his industry was all misdirected.
It appears that you have gone and got engaged to the latter.
It appears to be true.
It asked me, would I be the mistress of Bleak House.
It beat me why she hadn't done it already.
It became immediately apparent this was an affluent area.
It came as a complete surprise. However, there it is.
It came, then, into her possession last night.
It can be improved; I know that.
It can be proved, sir.
It can be readily imagined.
It can't be eighty.
It comes at a high price.
It contains Zucchini.
It contains courgette.
It could be an awful lot worse.
It could not be that Harry was guilty.
It creates high-resolution images.
It depicted a flawed and failed utopia.
It did better than that.
It did make her look like a Pekingese.
It did sound rather thin.
It does as well as anything else, for a time.
It does depend on how quickly the item is delivered.
It does her credit, Mat!
It does not mean you have forgotten the people you love.
It does, was her audacious answer.
It doesn't cost a penny to be nice.
It doesn't cost a penny to smile.
It doesn't hurt to be nice.
It doesn't hurt to be polite.
It doesn't matter now.
It drew him forth sooner than I expected.
It drew up at the door, and there was the sound of people alighting.
It drowned all sound that brute agony and death may have made.
It failed validation.
It fairly clubbed me into recognizing it.
It feels comfortable when you adjust the car seat to recline.
It felt as if his arguments were going to be repeated ad infinitum
It felt like a jolt.
It gave me the numerals for the principal consonants.
It generally gets a hand.
It gives me pain to speak ill of Darcy.
It glistened so gaudily in the blaze of sunlight.
It had a placebo effect.
It had a serene melody.
It had been a close shave, but I had been in time.
It had the shape of a Prism.
It had, indeed, sunk half an inch into the soft ground.
It happened a minute after the permit expired.
It happened many years ago in Senegal.
It happened one dark and stormy night.
It happened to him at the Gallina Society in Oakland one afternoon.
It has a Swiss stamp.
It has a cascading effect.
It has a children's design.
It has a dual overhead cam engine.
It has a million megapixels.
It has an Arm processor.
It has an eight-core processor.
It has an irresistible attraction for him.
It has aroused all the dogs in the neighbourhood, who bark vehemently.
It has been open a long time!
It has been renewed no end of times.
It has been smouldering like that ever since it was lighted.
It has been tested for validity.
It has been too long since I last saw my grandfather.
It has been too terrible.
It has connected him nearer with virtue than with any other feeling.
It has distressed me ever since.
It has its own times and places in my story.
It has known faults.
It has not changed your mind.
It has twenty phenotype features.
It has upset him very much.
It hid its secret well.
It is Harry's glove; there are his initials stamped upon the lining.
It is a binary star system.
It is a blessing in disguise.
It is a conglomerate organization.
It is a costume for a mood of quiet reflection.
It is a freehold house.
It is a good property, and worth more than that.
It is a large key, but the keys of prisons are larger.
It is a mechanical clock.
It is a mechanized clock tower.
It is a moot point.
It is a pity they are not handsome!
It is a profound technology revolution.
It is a quartz clock.
It is a rare Phenomenon.
It is a rare wine now.
It is a real possession in the changing fortunes of time.
It is a recurring philosophical suggestion.
It is a retired situation.
It is a rudimentary design but still flies.
It is a single cam engine.
It is a slow, expensive, British, constitutional kind of thing.
It is a sub-type.
It is a timeless quote.
It is a transient error.
It is a truth universally acknowledged.
It is a very tenable hypothesis, and will bear looking into.
It is a widely discussed topic in academia.
It is all as clean as a plate.
It is all over here.
It is all the same to me, sir.
It is all, all over.
It is almost enough to make one pity him.
It is also an insidious, deceitful sun.
It is among their dignities.
It is an abandoned Quarry.
It is an aesthetically pleasing structure.
It is an amalgamation of the source material.
It is an ephemeral video.
It is an imaginable idea and could work.
It is an industry standard.
It is an insular community.
It is an unknown entity.
It is an uphill challenge for new parents to supervise children online.
It is analogous to a flying bird.
It is at the bottom of their troubles.
It is barely nine.
It is best to be candid about this, don't you think?
It is better if the market is not consolidated by the few.
It is better than having bailiffs banging on the door for it.
It is better to not say anything at all.
It is better to repay the debt early.
It is by no means all right.
It is certainly too bad! said the tender hearted Woodman.
It is close at hand.
It is conceivable the burglar broke in through the back door.
It is crucial to write your name on an exam paper!.
It is dependent on how quickly the bank will approve my mortgage application.
It is deplorable how few.
It is designed and guided, like the human mind.
It is disgraceful to the electors.
It is dog eat dog, and you ate them up.
It is easier to implement Artificial Intelligence ethics from the start.
It is easier to treat a tumour before it has metastasized.
It is easy to lose traction while driving over ice.
It is easy to set such a dish on the table.
It is eight o'clock now, and the day is fast drawing in.
It is eminently respectable, and likewise, in a general way, retainer-like.
It is entirely your prerogative.
It is essential to wear a helmet before riding a bike.
It is evident that dancing would be difficult.
It is evident that you belong to the first circles.
It is fifty years old.
It is for some people.
It is for them we have to search.
It is forbidden for students to be in the hall.
It is forecast to rain hailstones tomorrow, be careful.
It is geographically located five hundred miles south-east.
It is good practice to commiserate the losing team.
It is growing, every day, every hour.
It is he who encourages me.
It is hubris to assume we know it all.
It is imperative you apply before the deadline.
It is impossible for me to be impartial.
It is impossible that it can be accidental!
It is impossible.
It is in the hands of my solicitor.
It is incomprehensible that someone would pick a Beetle over a Porsche.
It is inhumane to do it this way.
It is intrinsic to the design.
It is kind of you to ask, darling.
It is merely the simple superlative.
It is muffled and dreary.
It is my great privilege to pronounce you husband and wife.
It is nearly dinner-time.
It is necessary to be cordial when dealing with guests.
It is nine degrees Celsius.
It is no extenuation.
It is no longer fit for purpose.
It is no longer your secret.
It is not a large world.
It is not an attempt to smash the market.
It is not easy to orchestrate the world cup arrangements.
It is not for me to be driven away by Mr. Darcy.
It is not for your ears.
It is not immutable.
It is not likely ever to recover its tone.
It is not right that she should laugh!
It is not right, and I must not recognize it.
It is not the birthday of one of the three children.
It is not the enemy without that we have to worry about.
It is not to be thought of.
It is not your fault that you have sprained your brain.
It is now possible to digitize historic landmarks into the virtual world.
It is of no consequence.
It is one Mr. George, it appears.
It is only a letter of instruction, sir.
It is open again at twelve.
It is our civic duty to look after our elderly.
It is possible for an algorithm to be fair.
It is possible that in the future I may seek it again.
It is probably going to rain tomorrow.
It is quite a bower in the summer-time.
It is quite all right, Jeeves, quite all right.
It is quite still and silent.
It is regrettable that she has lost.
It is rude to curse.
It is saplings that sway, I believe.
It is set in an alternate version of the present.
It is so very difficult to keep her from the door.
It is so very unusual to find you here at this hour.
It is some very different dishes of fish.
It is somebody's birthday tomorrow, I think.
It is still a beautiful world.
It is such weary, weary work!
It is the best you can do for everybody's sake.
It is the biggest telescope in the world.
It is the epitome of love.
It is the fire, partly, she said.
It is the nearest refuge.
It is the raw language of the computer.
It is therefore from the head of our unknown woman.
It is thoughtful, gloomy, concentrated.
It is three degrees to the Fahrenheit.
It is time we were dressing for dinner.
It is to be carried to the churchyard in the evening.
It is too late.
It is true I hesitate.
It is true they are not particular at the Swiss Frontier.
It is twenty-five minutes after its time this afternoon.
It is unethical and illegal to indict an innocent person.
It is unknown how long it will take.
It is upstairs.
It is useless to resist.
It is very doubtful whether Judy knows how to laugh.
It is very little all right.
It is very plausible to such people, a most convincing hypothesis.
It is what I should revel in myself.
It is what everybody says.
It is what is known as a gesture.
It is with reference to the chef.
It is, indeed!
It is, then, something belonging to her.
It isn't a question of saying 'boo' to a goose.
It issued a rate of forty two dollars a car on charcoal.
It just describes him.
It just got real.
It just takes all the heart out of one.
It lacked character from an aesthetic perspective.
It lasted as a deterrent for two days.
It left an imprint in his mind.
It lifted up both its paws in surprise.
It lit up the whole room.
It lived in perpetual apprehension of that quarter of the compass.
It looked like a small right-angled triangle
It looks as if it was born yesterday.
It looks as though my plan will be scuppered by Ian and Francis.
It looks timidly for an explanation.
It made me angry, dear.
It made me dizzy.
It made me for some part of that night most uncomfortable.
It makes me weep to see these fields covered in concrete.
It makes most people unhappy.
It makes the perfect gift.
It matters very little now.
It may be all right.
It may be difficult to make an algorithm completely bias-free.
It may be her hand carelessly counterfeited.
It may be her hand disguised.
It may be lost by another accident.
It may be that he had other views for his son.
It may frighten her.
It may have been seen; it must be somewhere.
It might not be edifying and, poor woman, she is dead.
It might seem as if costs were my object.
It must be a cultural difference.
It must be a strange state to be like Jo!
It needs help till it has turned the corner.
It never can be forgotten.
It never occurred to me.
It never will be more.
It no longer matters.
It now bled again.
It occurred to me that there would have to be an accounting.
It occurred to me you've been going the extra mile. Thank you!.
It only came from my heart.
It only costs five Euro for a straw hat.
It only needed Aunt Dahlia after them, shouting "Yoicks!"
It only takes ten nanograms to kill a human.
It ought not to deceive a child.
It printed duplicated photos.
It rained heavily last night.
It really doesn't have to be like that
It really doesn't matter either way.
It reminded me of one of those forgotten little stations.
It reminded me of the time we saw the ghoul.
It requires no discernment to perceive that he is warmed and refreshed.
It resembled tea less than lager beer resembles champagne.
It resounds with me.
It restores one's faith in post-war whisky.
It runs in the family.
It said, "What the devil are you crying for?"
It seemed as if she would never get to the nub.
It seemed as if the corroboration of this letter disappointed him.
It seemed like an innocuous decision but didn't go as planned.
It seemed nearer to him since he had seen and talked with Gregson.
It seemed the ordained order of things that dogs should work.
It seemed the utter-most of distance.
It seemed the words had no meaning for her.
It seemed to her hardly possible.
It seemed to me that the conversation was becoming difficult again.
It seems hipsters have caught the innovation bug.
It seems like a strange pointing of the hand of God.
It seems like making a great disturbance about nothing particular.
It seems people are living in a dream world.
It seems to rest the spine.
It seems unkind to leave him, Esther.
It shall not be spoken of again.
It shimmered in the sunlight.
It shook the house, or so a man says who was passing.
It should have been the other way round.
It shut, and I was left alone again.
It sounded like a gas explosion.
It sounds like someone's firing a cannon.
It sounds thin to me, Wooster, very thin.
It still doesn’t sound very vegetarian.
It succeeded beautifully.
It takes Sir Leicester some time to ask this.
It terrifies me too much to think of it.
It took a considerable amount of time and effort.
It took all my resolution to stroll towards Trafalgar Lodge about half-past nine.
It took him half an hour to reach the edge of it.
It took some time to contextualize and construct a plan of action.
It took the best part of an hour.
It took us a good hour to work through it.
It towered over the city.
It transpires that the council is going to defer installing a cycle lane.
It turned Celia's vague alarm into a definite terror.
It turned out the millennium bug was not a thing.
It used to take months to reach the Antarctic.
It uses a perceptron.
It uses logistic regression.
It uses support vector machines.
It wakes Mr. George of the shooting gallery.
It was Harry, and he buried his face in his hands.
It was I who brought her here.
It was Jeanne singing softly over beyond the rocks.
It was Robin Hood's secret hideout.
It was a Frenchwoman's.
It was a bargain she proposed — the impertinence of it!
It was a bargain she proposed — the value of it!
It was a barren land, no creature or man had tread upon it.
It was a beautiful little sea-anemone.
It was a big, bad wolf.
It was a bittersweet experience.
It was a blessing in disguise.
It was a breath of relief.
It was a closed landau.
It was a cold business, for I had neither coat nor waistcoat.
It was a curious coincidence.
It was a cute little puppy, with huge shining eyes.
It was a deep, dark and desolate place.
It was a difficult time, but we struggled through it.
It was a dramatical ending to a long drawn out play.
It was a dress of dark blue which suited her well.
It was a fast pace.
It was a gaping wound.
It was a gesture.
It was a gigantic inadequacy.
It was a golden crown.
It was a habit of his.
It was a half-baked idea, it would never have worked anyway.
It was a large canoe.
It was a loud report that echoed and rattled heavily.
It was a lovely but ultimately terrible idea.
It was a meaningless translation.
It was a meeting of intellectuals and philosophers.
It was a mighty risk, but against it was an absolute black certainty.
It was a miracle, and I owe you my life.
It was a misnomer.
It was a morbid movie.
It was a parlour meanly furnished.
It was a picturesque old house in a fine park richly wooded.
It was a red herring bug caused by spurious data.
It was a rehashed movie that was already quite bad.
It was a revelation to me.
It was a rough enough weapon, but an effective one.
It was a self-fulfilling prophecy.
It was a small chance but our only one.
It was a song that always made him cry, he told us.
It was a superb picture.
It was a temptation, but he resisted it.
It was a thin piece of strong whipcord.
It was a thing to look at.
It was a tiny hamlet of only a dozen people.
It was a touring car, with the tonneau full of an assortment of baggage.
It was a very pretty creature, with lovely eyes.
It was a very transparent business, that meeting as cousins only.
It was a wilfully simple premise.
It was adapted from the bestselling novel of the same name.
It was agreed last month that everybody should pull their weight
It was all gone now.
It was all part of my ruse or scheme.
It was all right, after all.
It was an aerodrome, and a secret one.
It was an afterthought.
It was an ancient yew, probably planted during the Victorian period.
It was an anonymous block of flats in London
It was an elderly lady.
It was an enormous snuff-box.
It was an immature thing to say, sorry.
It was an indirect consequence.
It was an otherworldly looking creature.
It was an overwhelming deluge of rain.
It was as if he were not glad to see Bertram.
It was as if she said, "I will come to your help."
It was as nothing to the speed with which he emerged.
It was as though a tornado raged in the room overhead.
It was at their house I was taken.
It was beating and waiting in the ambush of those black pits.
It was black as pitch, for the windows were heavily shuttered.
It was built of yellow stone, and was almost square in shape.
It was carefully worded.
It was clearly running high tonight.
It was concerning that rainwater had penetrated the roof and leaked inside.
It was drooping now, striking a sinister note.
It was easy not to see it, but I did see it.
It was edged with ice.
It was either him or me.
It was essential that we stopped for coffee.
It was evident they did not travel by the car.
It was exhilarating to be out in the open air once more.
It was extraordinary to him how constantly manners prevailed.
It was fine of you — fine and big.
It was forecast to snow last night.
It was half-past eight.
It was ham, I was to discover later.
It was hard to find the address from the vague description we had.
It was he who drove the motor-car!
It was here that you saw the light at half-past nine?
It was here, then?
It was his intention to return to Eileen and her father.
It was holding a green leather jewel-case.
It was impossible to buy tickets without having to queue at the box office
It was impossible to hoist sail and claw off that shore.
It was impossible to see clearly through the mist.
It was in a state of dilapidation quite equal to our expectation.
It was introduced by Representative Dick of Ohio.
It was just after daylight.
It was just as the shop was being closed.
It was just like a conjuring-trick, she thought.
It was just my profession.
It was just ten o'clock when we reached the Majestic.
It was like the beating of hoofs.
It was like this.
It was like your ill-nature.
It was long and thick.
It was lovely seeing them, but I am tired and tearful now.
It was manufactured on an assembly line.
It was money — always money.
It was more like sugar.
It was more than I could say for myself.
It was my idea to a tee.
It was my intention to have a word with Angela.
It was my reports from the north which chiefly induced people to buy.
It was neither one thing nor the other.
It was nine o'clock at night.
It was no good.
It was not Red-Eye's way to forego revenge so easily.
It was not a large lake, and almost round.
It was not a moment for petty economies.
It was not difficult to read the blushing, startled face.
It was not easy to baffle her, I can tell you.
It was not exactly a deportation.
It was not far, only at the summit of the hill.
It was not merely a passion — it was a creed as well.
It was not of the least use my trying to look wise.
It was not that she argued, or deducted, or inferred.
It was not that they looked different; they were different.
It was not there before.
It was not until seven that the charwoman came.
It was not when we opened our hearts to you.
It was now authoritative and alert..
It was now eleven o'clock.
It was now nearly eight o'clock; the rain still held off.
It was of a pacific nature, and came as a great relief.
It was one of the high spots of my youth.
It was only by luck this planet was discovered.
It was only supposed to be an interim solution.
It was originally written as a screenplay.
It was our river emerging like ourselves from the great swamp.
It was out in a second, but it showed me one thing.
It was over at last, however.
It was over when he made his way through the ring of spectators.
It was pitch black, and they needed a torch to see where they were
It was plain that he was deeply stirred.
It was put together in a casual, helter-skelter sort of way.
It was quite true, as it soon appeared.
It was really cheap! Only a couple of quid!
It was refreshing to sit in the cool breeze.
It was released to cinemas early in the New Year.
It was right there, in plain sight!
It was risks after all that he was chiefly greedy about.
It was sanctification and salvation.
It was saved by an accident.
It was she who was meant to discover the crime.
It was simple, in its way, and no virtue of his.
It was so good of her, and so encouraging to me!
It was so kind of you to come!
It was someone who recognised me, someone I have seen in the last month.
It was something he had not been able to hide before.
It was something, then, which she was concerned in hiding from them.
It was stated that he came for rest.
It was steel, a fisher trap.
It was taken lately, here?
It was that car.
It was that number.
It was the General who gave me my commission.
It was the act of a hound and a stinker.
It was the best tune I ever heard.
It was the entire company who sang.
It was the greatest compliment that he could imagine.
It was the last which she would have chosen.
It was the most appalling rot, too.
It was the principal weaving centre.
It was the same now.
It was the same way with our revolvers and rifles.
It was the smell that gave me warning.
It was the third or fourth time that Philip had heard MacDougall swear.
It was then disclosed in the following manner.
It was there I won my Scripture prize.
It was there-and-then that I caught it.
It was this proposition that started the big idea in Daughtry's mind.
It was through my carelessness.
It was too late to wish that!
It was towering over us.
It was true in essentials, too, though I altered the minor details.
It was unfortunate to hear your team lost.
It was unobtrusive, yet it was there.
It was very pretty and young, and the hair was fair.
It was very unfortunate for Richard, I said.
It was what she herself wanted — with other things.
It was while they were preparing to sing, before the sermon.
It was wrong in me to take it?
It was, it seemed to me, the end.
It was, therefore, the visitor's.
It was, was it?
It wasn't a cipher telegram.
It wasn't approved by the other lodgers.
It wasn't liked in the yard.
It wasn't to be.
It weighed more than the recommended limit.
It went well, all things considered.
It went well, and I wasn't surprised.
It went well; no question about that.
It will all fall into place when the pieces come together.
It will be all right at last, and then you shall see!
It will be as well to advertise for it.
It will be done in a jiffy.
It will be if Tom doesn't cough up.
It will be like leaping on to a moving bus.
It will be on Tuesday; there will be the three of us.
It will be quite easy.
It will be too late very soon.
It will break our hearts and our backs to hoist anchor by hand.
It will do me nicely.
It will make all the difference.
It will not be necessary, sir.
It will not be so noticeable there.
It will send your stock up with a jump.
It will take me about a day to curate a list of sources.
It won't be cheap, I take that isn't a concern?
It won't be for sale.
It won't take a minute!
It won't take you long.
It won’t be hard to prove our innocence.
It would be a catastrophe if the dam failed.
It would be a great deal better for us.
It would be a terrible waste if good items end up in a landfill.
It would be an easy little comedy to play.
It would be best if you asked him to arrange it.
It would be better not to keep them now.
It would be crazy to turn down that dream job.
It would be cruel if you had said no.
It would be daft to turn down the best job in the world.
It would be fatal.
It would be futile for a beginner to challenge a grandmaster.
It would be great to have fewer rainy days.
It would be impossible to save the family credit for a day.
It would be impractical to manually read millions of emails.
It would be such a treat!
It would be the fine, big thing, old egg.
It would embody the principles and values we hold dear.
It would give me nervous prostration.
It would have been a welcome present.
It would have been all right but for that infernal dog.
It would have been far better not to have detained me.
It would help to tide me along until I got steady employment.
It would only be like you.
It would reach his ears from others.
It wounds the pride.
It'll blow a gale in the course of the night!
It'll do as well as anything else!
It'll do as well as anything else.
It's Valentine's Day!
It's a Yankee, Joan cried.
It's a balance of the two.
It's a brave new world.
It's a canine animal.
It's a delightful place.
It's a disaster. It's all gone pear-shaped
It's a film set in eighteenth century Europe.
It's a fine piece of art.
It's a good room!
It's a good thing time travel doesn't exist.
It's a great deal for what he has done.
It's a homogeneous city.
It's a long lane that has no turning.
It's a proprietary algorithm.
It's a robust motor, it never let me down.
It's a silly little story.
It's a system of harmony, in short.
It's a terrific idea, Bertie.
It's a two-pack offer.
It's aching for a different reason altogether.
It's all Greek to me.
It's all over.
It's all right as far as the boy's concerned.
It's all squared, you see, as I squared it myself.
It's always darkest before the dawn.
It's an auspicious day.
It's an excellent idea.
It's an inconvenient truth.
It's an octa-core processor.
It's an unalienable right.
It's an unreasonable proposal!
It's as good as another.
It's based on a true story.
It's been days since we've heard anything.
It's been years since I've seen you!
It's best to use washing-up liquid if you're going to wash the dishes
It's bound to work.
It's business, and I don't know business.
It's down the hall.
It's easier to give it than to withhold it.
It's either ours or theirs, I'm not sure which.
It's eleven o'clock by the bell of Saint Paul's.
It's embarrassing to admit, but that's me in the picture.
It's essential that we construct a sound and leakproof roof.
It's fairly simple to install wi-fi without professional help.
It's fine. What can possibly go wrong?
It's free to smile.
It's freezing outside!.
It's funny, and kinda true as well!
It's gaining momentum.
It's getting warmer; the ice is melting.
It's go-live day and we are deploying the app to the production environment.
It's happening at a speed unprecedented in recorded history.
It's hard to convey ideas in short one hundred and fifty character fields.
It's hard to estimate the value of a business that has no tangible product.
It's hard to overcome entrenched bad habits, but it can be done.
It's having the dickens of a time.
It's his tea-time, isn't it?
It's impossible to say whether she knows it or not.
It's in better keeping.
It's in the atria.
It's in the diary.
It's in the past.
It's in the showcase drawer.
It's in the southern hemisphere.
It's inconvenient —  and it comes expensive.
It's just a camera, take a closer look and you'll see for yourself.
It's just a title.
It's just the thing.
It's like looking for a needle in a haystack without a nail.
It's looking a bit chilly outside this morning.
It's more of a selfish reason.
It's necessary to know where the boundaries are when buying a new home.
It's no good threatening me. I can prove it!
It's no good trying to kid me, Bertie.
It's no good trying to satisfy me with promises.
It's no good, Bertie.
It's not a bug, it's a feature!
It's not a case of believing, but knowing.
It's not a chipmunk: it's a European grey squirrel.
It's not a ghost, it was probably a hologram.
It's not a thing you can do twice.
It's not agreeable, is it?
It's not as if I wanted a profession for life.
It's not clear the defendant had a fair trial.
It's not going to get me anywhere.
It's not in the immediate vicinity.
It's not mine; it's yours.
It's not on the checklist so we will not do that today.
It's not routine practice.
It's not that I don't or I won't.
It's ok to cry, let it out.
It's ok to productively shakeup the status-quo.
It's ok, don't hold back!.
It's ok, nothing earth-shatteringly groundbreaking.
It's on my nightstand.
It's on the eighteenth of the month.
It's on the eighth day of the month.
It's on the fifteenth day of the month.
It's on the fourteenth day.
It's only a question between the larger sum and the smaller.
It's only a superficial scratch.
It's only his indigestion I find fault with.
It's polite to smile.
It's possible to get involved in machine learning without any prior expertise in development.
It's possible to start a business without any capital.
It's pouring with rain today.
It's probably the first thing they'll think of.
It's quite all right.
It's reached a head now and is going to burst!
It's reassuring and encouraging to hear your words.
It's rude to stare at people.
It's simply monstrous how one's words get twisted.
It's something in the air.
It's sometimes faster to use multiple three-d printers.
It's still a bit early.
It's strange speaking to an inanimate object.
It's stuff and nonsense, George.
It's such uphill work, and it takes such a time!
It's that much junk.
It's the aurora borealis.
It's the most beautiful thing that ever was seen!
It's the old story.
It's the sort of thing you would do.
It's the strap hangers that'll keep us from going under.
It's the straw that broke the camels back.
It's the tip of the iceberg.
It's these moments that make the job worth it.
It's time I bought a watch.
It's time to change the narrative on cats and dogs.
It's time to settle down and put down roots.
It's traditional to eat candy floss at the seaside
It's way too late to go out now.
It's what all well-dressed bunnies are wearing this year.
It's worth eight dollars.
Italian Pasta is delicious.
Its beak was short and hooked – probably a raptor.
Its diameter was not more than two hundred yards.
Its good to know the amortization of your mortgage to save money.
Its three occupants descended as if to stretch their legs, and sauntered towards me.
Its written in our fate.
Its written in our stars.
It’ll be easy enough managed.
It’ll come in handy if we find any plum-cake.
It’s a cravat, child, and a beautiful one, as you say.
It’s a plan of my own invention.
It’s a present from the White King and Queen.
It’s a synthetic plant.
It’s always the same.
It’s always worth stockpiling beer.
It’s an invention of my own.
It’s for the greater good, you have to make sacrifices.
It’s getting as dark as it can.
It’s like a penny novelette.
It’s lucky that I did not add homicide to my follies.
It’s more like a corkscrew than a path!
It’s my own invention—to keep clothes and sandwiches in.
It’s on my chain on the dressing-table.
It’s on the sixth aisle.
It’s out of temper, I think.
I’d far rather go without them than eat them!
I’d nearly forgotten that I’ve got to grow up again!
I’d rather have seen him gnash his teeth than smile so.
I’d sell my soul to be able to play better than him.
I’ll do both, as soon as I possibly can.
I’ll go bail for my nephew.
I’ll have to check it out.
I’ll have to remember to chase that up.
I’ll interfere in no quarrels between you and Nelly.
I’ll lock you into this room and keep the key.
I’ll miss you.
I’ll not hurt you.
I’ll see that nobody blabs, either.
I’ll see you clothed and fed and snug in bed.
I’ll tell thee everything I can; There’s little to relate.
I’ll trust you for the night.
I’ll try if I know all the things I used to know.
I’ll write to the Permanent Secretary at the Foreign Office.
I’m a great hand at inventing things.
I’m afraid I got a bit squiffy.
I’m an innocent man, but I’m wanted by the police.
I’m buying paintbrushes.
I’m contemplating buying gin.
I’m finally heading off.
I’m getting tired of this.
I’m going back home next week
I’m going to back you up.
I’m going to confide in you.
I’m going to tell you all your faults.
I’m mad. You’re mad.
I’m never going to get the hang of this.
I’m not going in again yet.
I’m not going to argue with you
I’m not mad — yet.
I’m not sure whether this pub offers accommodation
I’m not talking hot air, my friend.
I’m only borrowing your car for an hour or two.
I’m sure I shan’t be able!
I’m sure it’s got, oh, such beautiful things in it!
I’m too happy; and yet I’m not happy enough.
I’m very sorry he has failed.
I’m watching television with friends this evening
I’ve changed my mind
I’ve got an extra large meat lover’s pizza, without the meat?
I’ve got him now.
I’ve had you in my mind all this week when things got troublesome.
I’ve not had a bite to eat for two days.
I’ve simply got to go.
I’ve something pretty important to say to you.
Jack London, Waikiki Beach, Honolulu, Oahu.
Jack especially enjoyed mountaineering.
Jacob Brinker, who was his roadmate, brought the news.
Jacqueline has an ulcer on her bottom lip.
James McCarthy was an early pioneer of artificial intelligence.
James and Pat took the long way round.
James is on reception this morning
James sighed as he realized they were seated way back in row R.
Jane was so admired, nothing could be like it.
January was the least profitable month for the company.
Jason trained intensely to be the fittest he could be.
Jaywalking is a dangerous risk.
Jeanne and Pierre both gazed toward the great rock.
Jeanne was turning the bow shoreward.
Jeeves could tell you the word I want.
Jeeves did not suggest it.
Jeeves does that when I assert my authority.
Jeeves had nothing to do with it whatsoever.
Jeeves was there, laying out the dinner disguise.
Jeeves, I'm engaged.
Jeeves, let us get this clear.
Jeez, that's awful!
Jeff is a climate scientist and statistician.
Jemma is completely apathetic.
Jemma was a most wonderful mimic.
Jen is hiding from Bill.
Jennifer was distraught.
Jenny doesn't know her at all!
Jenny reminded us that politics is still news.
Jenny went to Italy last year.
Jerry was so secure in his nook that he did not roll away.
Jessie is a renowned comedian.
Jesus was a man that some some call Christ.
Jim picked her pocket while Fred created a diversion
Jim squatted down, struggling to keep his balance.
Jo follows her a pace or two into a quiet court.
Jo looks aghast at Mr. Bucket.
Jo slowly munches as he slowly tells it.
Jo stands staring, and is still staring when she recovers herself.
Jo vacuumed the living room.
Joan cried, with shining eyes.
Joan looked triumphantly at Sheldon, who bowed.
John Lewis’s television advert for Christmas was extremely popular
John and James competed in the race
John appears rather fed up today
John hated being late, and was always having to drag me out.
Johnny will forever be remembered for his victories in Fortnite.
Jolly fast he used to go too.
Jolly good, thank you.
Jon says that he will be resisting the pressure.
Josh, Dave and Stu are members of a boy band.
Joshua is the man that was brought here in a chair?
Joy to the world.
Judaism, Christianity and Islam are Abrahamic religions.
Judo is a form of martial arts.
Jujitsu and Judo are grappling sports.
Jujitsu is a form of martial arts.
Julia has a great sense of humour
Junk mail is a particular problem
Just Nature's remedy.
Just a frail latticed wooden door stood between her and them.
Just a little light digging.
Just about that distance, I should say.
Just as if some one was kissing the window all over outside.
Just as the Scarecrow had done.
Just as you say, old boy.
Just as you see them.
Just before I went to Cannes.
Just can't get the staff round here.
Just conjure up the picture in your mind, Jeeves.
Just for tonight, to please Aunt Dahlia?
Just had an afternoon nap.
Just hang on here for a moment.
Just joshing!
Just let me know what you think
Just let us know where we can find you.
Just like a whole set of fire-irons falling into the fender!
Just mentioned them.
Just on eight o'clock, sir.
Just one word, Mr Scudder.
Just put your luggage into the boot
Just sign right here and I’ll have that all squared away for you.
Just smiling slightly.
Just taking a stroll.
Just the same I'd sooner be myself than have book indigestion.
Just the very point I was working round to.
Just think of what work it would make with the day and night!
Just what he wants.
Justice delayed is justice denied.
Karen is an atheist.
Kate, Sophie and Liz have all decided to train as psychiatrists.
Katerina couldn't decide whether to have jam or marmalade.
Katie always frames her best photos, and hangs them on the wall.
Keep an eye on him.
Keep calm everybody, it's only a baby dragon.
Keep cooked meat and uncooked meat separate to avoid cross-contamination.
Keep him for the long winter evenings.
Keep interested in your own career, however humble
Keep it up!
Keep learning and you'll always be young.
Keep out of sight and reach of children.
Keep peace in your soul.
Keep quiet, little one!
Keep what up?
Keep your eyes peeled and stay sharp.
Keep your eyes peeled! I think they might be on their way.
Keep your temper, my good fellow, keep your temper!
Keith is a Scottish Presbyterian.
Keith is a really lovely guy.
Keith seized Sheila and Neil’s protein.
Keith's mouth formed a large O in surprise.
Kelvin is a scientific scale of temperature.
Keyword search engine optimization techniques are mostly irrelevant now.
Kidney stones could be avoided by regularly drinking water.
Kids get bored of toys way too quickly.
Kids love Yogurt.
Kids love fictional animated characters.
Kindest to be frank and straightforward?
Kinetic energy can generate heat energy.
King Charles the First was executed during the English Civil War
King took every advantage he knew.
Kirsty didn’t like to mention it.
Kirsty might be able to do it; she has just come off her break.
Kiss and make up.
Kissing the tips of his fingers.
Kitchen roll is great for soaking up wine spills.
Kitty stared at him, and Lydia exclaimed.
Kitty, can you play chess?
Knead the dough until it is the shape of a ball.
Knowing him, I review the old Scandinavian myths with clearer understanding.
Knowledge of agriculture can enable people to become self-sufficient.
Lack of appetite!
Lack of growth is an indicator of stagnation.
Lack of investment in the community inhibited growth.
Lactose intolerance is caused by a lactase enzyme deficiency.
Ladies and gentlemen, I present Marvin the magnificent.
Lakes and rivers, hundreds of them, thousands of them.
Land registry records indicate this plot is owned by Miss Leah Martina.
Large software companies used to suffer from a not invented here syndrome.
Last night I dreamt that we had painted the living room.
Last night he showed all the symptoms of coming down with pneumonia.
Last night will have killed all that.
Lastly, it was no one, and I was no one.
Late in my pregnancy, I walked a little bit like a Penguin.
Lather, rinse and repeat.
Laughably simple, eh?
Laughter echoed through the circus.
Laughter is the best medicine.
Law and order to maintain the peace.
Law enforcement is an essential component of civil society.
Law firms competed to win over the large client.
Lawyers will litigate.
Learn to walk before you run.
Learning from experiment failures will lead to new discoveries.
Learning to play the piano was one of the best things I ever did
Leave all else to time, truth, and steadfastness.
Leave me, Bertie.
Leaving shore only possible at full tide.
Left to myself, there is nothing I would find a greater treat.
Lend me the oldest tweed suit you’ve got.
Lend you a handkerchief?
Lent lasts from Ash Wednesday to Easter Sunday, but not all Christians observe it.
Less is more.
Lest you think I am dead, I’m pleased to announce I'm not!
Let her fail tonight, she would be surely turned from the door.
Let her fly away in a high wind on a broomstick!
Let her speak, my friend.
Let him attempt to do it on orange juice, and what ensues?
Let it go to the four winds for tonight.
Let it go.
Let me have it then!
Let me know which one you'd prefer.
Let me outline it for you.
Let me review the facts.
Let me see, is this a chair?
Let me see.
Let me see—how is it to be managed?
Let me show you something interesting.
Let me stay a little while!
Let me tell you a little story.
Let me tell you a story about Bertie Wooster.
Let me think: was I the same when I got up this morning?
Let me try to make it more comfortable.
Let no expense be a consideration.
Let sleeping dogs lie, so the saying goes.
Let some one hold him back.
Let the young man wait.
Let them be taken with the old woman to the depot.
Let them down gently.
Let them go out and eat with my boys.
Let us begin at the beginning
Let us consider them!
Let us drink to somebody.
Let us drive to your hotel.
Let us face the position, forcing ourselves to be calm.
Let us formulate what we know.
Let us get this straight.
Let us go out into the garden; it will be cooler there.
Let us hear what happened on that terrible night.
Let us pray.
Let us run them for ourselves.
Let us satisfy her.
Let us see him here and have done with it.
Let us see how it works out.
Let us see that poor woman safely off.
Let us see the garage!
Let us see what she wore.
Let us take our seats at the table.
Let us take the case from the beginning.
Let us take the members of the household one by one.
Let us talk about something else.
Let us talk it over and find a way out.
Let us walk on.
Let's coordinate with the rest of the team and pick this up again later.
Let's get away for a nice holiday.
Let's go altogether to Disney Land.
Let's go and look for him!
Let's grab some grub.
Let's have a Gourmet meal.
Let's have a go at a tray bake.
Let's have fun and play charades.
Let's have it.
Let's hear it straight from the horse's mouth.
Let's leave the world a better place.
Let's not debate about topics that have already been settled.
Let's not dwell on the negative.
Let's not engage in a conversion of what about-ism.
Let's not engage in a conversion of what if-ism.
Let's not focus on the Minutiae details.
Let's pick this up again in a fortnight.
Let's see what's on at the city centre
Let's take a deep dive into it.
Let's take off. Where do you want to see?
Let's think about how we can make it better.
Let's touch base in the morning.
Let's use Anaconda for this project.
Lets just get the shot.
Letters of business, too!
Let’s drop the pretence
Let’s grab a snack bag.
Let’s pretend that you’re the Red Queen, Kitty!
Let’s pretend there’s a way of getting through into it, somehow, Kitty.
Librarians always cite their sources.
Libraries must become up to date with technology and help visitors learn new skills.
Libraries must find new ways to help people with their careers.
Lie down, and tell me.
Life is full of sadness, Jeeves.
Life is very sad, isn't it?
Life must must be sought within the confines of domestic bliss.
Life would be much easier if words were spelt phonetically.
Lighter coloured roads make cooler cities.
Like a bedspread.
Like a fairy princess.
Like a flash he launched himself into the feathered mass of the owl.
Like it or lump it.
Like older generations had to.
Like something lovely and fragrant laid away in lavender.
Limited lighting made it a dark looking house.
Linear Regression, Calculus, Algebra, Bayesian statistics are ingredients of Machine Learning.
Lip balm will help you avoid chapped lips.
Listen and you'll hear all the bells in the city jangling.
Listen for the modulation to the tonic in bar three.
Listen then, if you please.
Listen to my voice and think carefully.
Listen to others, even to the dull and the ignorant
Listen to the patient.
Listen up everyone, we would like to make an announcement.
Listen! The ducks are quacking!
Listen, watch, examine — but no interruptions!
Little Samantha loves her blanket.
Little children can make the loudest noises.
Little girls love pink fairy cakes.
Live and let live, that's my motto.
Live and let live, we say to them.
Live upon your practical wisdom, and let us live upon you!
Lived universally respected, and died lamented.
Liver and onions.
Lock the door — quietly — from the inside.
Logistically it's not possible.
London rattles one.
Longer loan durations charge more interest.
Longer loan durations incur more interest, ideally use the shortest term you can afford.
Look about you till you find a nice, heavy stone.
Look and learn.
Look at that big fellow.
Look at that huge tidal wave.
Look at the great red sails!
Look round the room.
Look round you, my dear, and consider.
Look round you.
Look there's a parrot.
Look through the periscope.
Look, mistress, this is the key of my wine-cellar.
Look, the reinforcing ties have gone!
Look, there is a man loitering under the trees there.
Looking about me, however, I could discern no uncles.
Looking at him still, she pulls it to her and unlocks it.
Looking at the map, Linda realised that the two areas were contiguous.
Looking down at her face, his eye meets hers, and he stops.
Looking up, I saw my little maid shivering from head to foot.
Looks as if she knew all about it, don't she?
Looks were exchanged between parent and parent.
Lord Fitzhugh is the key to the whole situation.
Lord bless you, how healthy you look!
Lord, but I'm glad to see you again, Phil.
Lord, he's wonderfully like you!
Lorry drivers often take their breaks at a transport cafe
Lots of men take women buggy riding.
Loudhailer and megaphone are alternative terms for bullhorn
Love had not turned her into a Puritan.
Love is a curious thing.
Love trumps hate.
Lovers were impracticable people.
Low bush whipped him in the face and left no sting.
Low-interest rates can encourage greater spending.
Low-skilled workers are at the risk of being replaced by automation.
Luck is where opportunity meets preparation.
Lucy has two sisters and three brothers, all of whom love the countryside
Lucy was certainly lying when she said that.
Luddites are not supportive of technological advances to a degree.
Luke is a classical composer.
Ma's ruinous to everything.
Ma, I always hated and detested him.
Mab, she said.
MacDougall tapped his forehead suspiciously with a stubby forefinger.
MacDougall, my engineer, believes it.
Machine Learning algorithms should be designed for auditability.
Machine Learning can be used to predict and mitigate natural disasters.
Machine Learning experts work on improving the accuracy of algorithms.
Machine Learning will become an indispensable asset to all types of companies.
Machines with emotional intelligence will be valued in healthcare.
Madame believed it, and brought her home.
Madame had been very good to me.
Madame listened to her story of hunger and distress.
Madame was like a child.
Madame was so kind, so careless in her kindness.
Madame, however, was in too much of a hurry.
Madame, you are so amiable!
Madeline Bassett says she's going to marry me!
Madeline Bassett will be all over you.
Magnetic Resonance Imaging reveals the most subtle changes in our body.
Maintain your health while you have it, it's easier.
Maize is another word for corn
Make a clear beginning altogether.
Make arrangements to meet me at the bus stop tomorrow morning.
Make some attention a little.
Make sure to have the lastest drivers from Nvidia installed.
Make sure you can walk before you try to run.
Make sure you have the correct licence before reusing a copyright work
Make sure you use your indicator before changing lanes
Make your investments and pension work harder.
Make your report.
Make yourself at home, Jeeves, and give us the good word.
Malala is a Nobel laureate.
Malicious people attempt brute force techniques to penetrate websites.
Man could not conquer them.
Mankind must preserve the environmental ecosystem that sustains it.
Manuel had one besetting sin.
Many Western languages derive from Indo-European roots
Many a spectre would have been less slippy.
Many administrations have governed over this region.
Many families go to church on Sunday mornings.
Many fans think they're in love, but unfortunately that's not canon.
Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness.
Many holidaymakers who travel abroad save money by buying a package holiday
Many househunters seem to love woodburning stoves.
Many libraries of knowledge have not survived the test of time.
Many nonreligious people are agnostic, although some are atheists
Many other similar disconcerting omissions will be noticed in the Manuscript.
Many parents find pushchairs very convenient
Many paths lead to the same destination.
Many people don’t realise that “anemone” has an m in the middle.
Many people enjoy the taste of pickle.
Many people find it difficult to remember a sequence of more than seven numbers
Many people find the word paradigm rather difficult to pronounce
Many people invest in stocks and shares
Many people think that vegetarians can eat fish, but they can't
Many persons strive for high ideals, and everywhere life is full of heroism.
Many pharaohs ruled over ancient Egypt.
Many states are now abandoning Daylight Saving Time.
Many thanks. I'm looking forward to it.
Mardi Gras is an extravagant event every spring in New Orleans.
Margarine is an alternative to butter.
Marge is short for margarine.
Maria needs to mind her own business.
Marie taught calligraphy.
Marie was a brave journalist.
Mark that word "unnecessary".
Mark the area of water with a buoy.
Marmie had not been slow in looking for his revenge.
Marry your long-term partner.
Marscapone cheese can be used in all sorts of foods.
Marthe had lit no light in her room.
Marthe was in the way.
Marthe, then, was following.
Mary Ann!’ said the voice.
Mary Poppins coined the catchy phrase Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.
Mary assimilated ideas from the brainstorming session into her plan.
Mary brought her little lamb with her, wherever she went.
Mary fought before she slept.
Mary, apparently much relieved, hurried away with her message.
Masonry paint keeps the walls in good condition.
Mass deforestation is harming the wildlife ecosystem.
Mass production of items lowers the cost to produce it.
Massachusetts has established respected universities at the forefront of research.
Massage under tension, was the cryptic reply.
Material, my elbow!
Mathematics is the language of reality.
Maths and physics were my favourite subjects at school
Maths is the British abbreviation for mathematics
Maths skills are particularly useful for machine learning.
Matt always hated the staff meeting he was forced to attend every Wednesday
Matt decided to wait for a better offer.
Matthewson, who's this bookkeeper, Rogers.
Max is a fully qualified veterinarian.
May I ask a question?
May I ask you a question, Richard?
May I ask you a question?
May I go to the loo, Miss? said the little boy.
May I pick your brain for a moment?
May drought destroy your crops.
May is a time of stress for many students.
May you be very happy!
May you long live to share it with me!
Maybe later.
Maybe not; still I don't like it.
Maybe we should circle back round to that barbecue idea?
Mayonnaise is an ideal condiment to Fries.
Mazda used to make cars with rotary engines.
McCoy found a stifling, poisonous atmosphere in the pent cabin.
McVeigh when he returns from a trip to Honolulu.
Me and Angela?
Meanwhile I'll go out to breathe a spell.
Meanwhile, of course, I made my inquiries into Harry's circumstances.
Meanwhile, the book has forced him to relive painful decisions.
Mediaeval is now more frequently spelled medieval.
Medical Science has made significant breakthroughs in recent years.
Medical equipment needs to be re-imagined and re-invented for low resource countries.
Meditation and awareness are essential elements in the practice of Zen Buddhism
Meet Kesha, she is our computer animator.
Men are queer fish.
Men in distress are apt to be a nuisance.
Men like Joe Goose dated existence from drunk to drunk.
Men of Selden's stamp don't stop at women and children.
Men were running, voices were crying questions.
Men who endure it, call it living death.
Men, women and children.
Mending our relationships can bring stability to our lives.
Mercedes screamed, cried, laughed, and manifested the chaotic abandonment of hysteria.
Mercy on me!
Messages sent to the server are acknowledgeable.
Metal wires conduct electricity and must be insulated.
Michael can do fifty press-ups without getting out of breath
Microplastics in our waterways can have catastrophic consequences on the ecosystem.
Microsoft dethroned Apple as the highest valued company.
Microsoft just announced they have open sourced their machine learning framework for dot net.
Microsoft wasn't known for openness but is now leading in open source.
Microwaveable chocolate cake
Midnight walks under the moon are beautiful.
Might it not prove a little worse than she expected?
Might she not look for her old Esther and not find her?
Mighty potentate replies, in effect: 'This is a sensible fellow.'
Mike and Ruth have been neglecting the garden recently.
Mike chopped down the tree that was spoiling the view
Mike got ordained on the internet last week.
Mike is an agnostic.
Millions of pounds of public money has been wasted.
Mind you do it thoroughly, and don't loiter.
Mind you, she said, it's not real gold.
Mine, of course, I mean.
Mint tea has a refreshing taste.
Misdiagnoses could result in mistreatment.
Miss Angela was correct, sir.
Miss Bassett has severed the engagement.
Miss Brodie's smile was slightly sarcastic.
Miss Summerson, if I don't deceive myself?
Miss Summerson, you'll understand me, if you think a moment.
Miss Williams was the worthy winner of the award.
Miss it! Miss Out!
Mix fifty grams of flour with milk.
Mixed reality allows us to interact with the virtual world in our presence.
Mobile Arm processor benchmarks score nearly as highly as desktop chips.
Mobile phones are pervasive.
Modern lightbulbs quote light output in lumens.
Modern vehicles are a fusion of technologies.
Mohammed is a Muslim.
Money borrowed must be repaid, never squander it.
Money transfers must go through a clearinghouse for safety purposes.
Monkey see Monkey do.
Monsieur, you want the truth — I hated her!
Monty Python was a famous B B C comedy series
Moonlight, darkness, dawn, sunrise, day.
Mops, sir, eagerly answered the sailor at the wheel.
More a sort of frozen calm, if you know what I mean.
More books showed in an inner room.
More discussion is needed on how it will be financed.
More like a turtle dove calling to its mate than anything else.
More on that later.
More regulation is needed, not less.
More was taken, but it was taken from the middle tins — these.
Moreover the car appears at the corner at daylight.
Moreover, he had come to the end of his sheet of paper.
Moreover, the car was back in town at four.
Mortgages are inherently expensive as most people pay interest over longer terms.
Most assuredly they cannot be gone through for nothing.
Most businesses do not have big data.
Most businesses experience hardships in the beginning.
Most cheap vegetables these days are genetically modified.
Most children love toffee apples
Most countries are inward looking.
Most fears people have are really nothing mortally threatening.
Most medics don't recommend bursting blisters
Most of the discoveries of humanity exist in cyberspace.
Most of the postings on social media are disappointingly shallow.
Most parents prefer to use disposable nappies nowadays, to save on washing
Most people generally have a positive outlook on life.
Most people have a chip and pin card.
Most professionals make use of a specialised vocabulary called jargon.
Most unconvincing!
Mother and son set off together one Tuesday morning.
Mother and son went cautiously, looking everywhere for “Thomas Jordan and Son”.
Mother says he's a good chap, which is simply absurd.
Motor oils have an additive that extends the life of an Engine.
Motorists have the right of way on roads unless there is a pedestrian crossing.
Move to the left-hand lane if you're going to pull off here
Mr Earnshaw and Mrs Linton are characters from Wuthering Heights
Mr McVeigh told me about him.
Mr Turnbull himself opened to me—sober and something more than sober.
Mr. Bennet could not have chosen better.
Mr. Bucket brings the finger into play as an emollient.
Mr. Bucket draws near and examines the directions.
Mr. Bucket has his hand on the bell-rope.
Mr. Bucket looks very grave.
Mr. Bucket takes the opportunity of a pause to be heard again.
Mr. Bucket, dismissing his sudden anger, checks him.
Mr. Collins was eloquent in her praise.
Mr. Darcy may hug himself.
Mr. George has recovered himself and stands up like a soldier.
Mr. George laughs and drinks.
Mr. George shook his head in the most emphatic manner.
Mr. Gridley gave his consent gruff —  but gave it.
Mr. Guppy anxiously bites his thumb-nail.
Mr. Guppy bites his thumb with the appetite of vexation.
Mr. Guppy looked in at the coach-window.
Mr. Guppy retreats behind a chair.
Mr. Guppy screws his mouth into a silent "No!"
Mr. Guppy thinks that is all; he is quite sure.
Mr. Heathcliff was there — laid on his back.
Mr. Hurst looked at her with astonishment.
Mr. Jarndyce without further ceremony entered a room there, and we followed.
Mr. Kenneth was perplexed to pronounce of what disorder the master died.
Mr. Ricardo did not follow him.
Mr. Ricardo drew his chair closer in to the table.
Mr. Ricardo forgot his curiosity in the surge of his indignation.
Mr. Ricardo grumbled inarticulately, and read through the advertisement again.
Mr. Ricardo sat up in his bed with a sense of outrage.
Mr. Ricardo stared at him in amazement.
Mr. Ricardo was silent for a moment.
Mr. Skimpole presently appeared, and Richard shortly after him.
Mr. Snagsby coughed his cough of mild persuasion behind his hand.
Mr. Tulkinghorn examined the wards of the key.
Mr. Tulkinghorn eyes him with some surprise.
Mr. Tulkinghorn steps forward from his window and pulls the bell.
Mr. Tulkinghorn takes a pinch of snuff.
Mr. Woodcourt again mentioned the address.
Mr. Woodcourt listened with interest and expressed his regret.
Mr. Woodcourt rather sternly rejoined that he was glad to hear it.
Mr. Woodcourt replied that I had hinted as much to him.
Mr. Woodcourt, are you going to London?
Mrs McFee's jaws brought together with a snap.
Mrs. Bennet was quite disconcerted.
Mrs. Rachael, our young friend has no doubt heard of the case.
Mrs. Simmons's attitude had become unquestionably menacing.
Mrs. Travers is a forceful personality.
Mrs. Woodcourt never would let me change it.
Ms Randall, I assume?
Much more Ernest told them of themselves and of his disillusionment.
Much time was spent planning, but nothing came to fruition.
Much, replied Jeanne, as tersely.
Multiply these two numbers exponentially.
Murder is very rude.
Murder rates have dropped in this city since investing in education and work schemes.
Must try harder.
Must you drivel, Bertie?
Must you go?
Mute, close, irresponsive to any glancing light, his dress is like himself.
My God, I wish I had never seen that cursed motor-car!
My Lady carelessly and scornfully abstracts her attention.
My Lady says she has been "bored to death."
My Lady's out, ain't she?
My Lady's place has been extremely dreary.
My Lady, do you object to the twilight?
My Lord knows nothing of it.
My Twitter post has gone viral.
My accreditation demonstrates I am competent for this role.
My age, in years, is twenty two.
My ancestry is unknown.
My angry friend from Shropshire!
My appendix had to be surgically removed.
My assignment has been completed and submitted.
My attention had been wandering.
My attorney didn't recommend that I take a licence under the patent.
My baby loves her teddy bear balloon.
My bad!
My banking app requires two factor authentication.
My battery died, got a charger?
My bicycle tyre had a puncture, and I had to change the inner tube
My birthday is in August.
My boyfriend's been cheating on me.
My brain ceased to reel.
My car broke down.
My cat likes to crawl underneath the warm sofa.
My chief trouble was that I was desperately hungry.
My child, what questions are these!
My childhood memories shaped the person I am today.
My children just love fancy dress parties
My cricket bat has lasted over eighty games.
My dad drove a Ford Cortina in his day.
My darling baby.
My daughter is hoping to volunteer at a nature reserve.
My daughter is studying zoology at uni
My daughter is very keen on flavouring meat stews with coriander
My daughter loves fish fingers
My daughter revealed her secret.
My daughter wanted an ice lolly, but my son preferred an ice cream cone
My daughter wants to begin ballet classes.
My daughter's closest friends are Lizzie, Sarah and Max.
My day as roadman excited him a bit.
My dear Esther, how can you be so blind?
My dear chap!
My dear friend, he is not to be depended on.
My dear friend, will you come and see the gentleman?
My dear friend, will you shake me up a little?
My dear friend, your workman is very strong —  and very prompt.
My dear girl was to arrive at five o'clock in the afternoon.
My dear madame, you are dealing with a sceptic.
My dear son, you contemplate an absence of a week, I think?
My dear, I am ready!
My dear, I have told you all.
My dear, I never saw him.
My dear, I will wait upon him with the greatest pleasure.
My debut novel is about two children stealing a crown.
My dermatologist recommended I stop washing my hands with boiling hot water.
My discoveries all fit in with the theory of her innocence.
My duty prosperously ended, all between us is ended.
My efforts had left me weak.
My endeavours were unsuccessful.
My ethics professor's lessons are as exciting as watching paint dry.
My experience in the industry means I can adapt to this new role quickly.
My family and I lead a very peaceful existence in Cornwall.
My family likes to watch movies every Friday night.
My father died a year ago and left me the business.
My father had a stroke, but he is ok now.
My father was a Squadron Leader in the Air Force
My favorite subject in school is history.
My favourite coffee is cappuccino, of course with no chocolate on the top
My favourite operatic composers are Handel, Mozart and Puccini
My favourite search engines are Google and Bing.
My finances are an absolute mess.
My finger’s bleeding!
My first Deep Learning library was Theano.
My first day at work was horrible, but it was not my fault
My first job was to keep going for the next three weeks.
My flat was the first floor in a new block behind Langham Place.
My friend Gill is a Scottish redhead.
My friend lives at sixty-one Main Street
My friends are not playing this game for candy.
My frigidity became more marked.
My function here is to make sure the team is well trained.
My girlfriend's dad just called.
My good friends in England helped me.
My good mother lived in the country.
My gran was unsteady on her feet and used a Zimmer frame for walking
My grandfather was a pharmacist.
My grandma underwent cataract surgery to improve her eyesight.
My grandmother always wrote her letters with a traditional fountain pen.
My grandmother had cataracts surgery and now can see clearly again.
My grandmother is convalescing in a nursing home.
My grandparents are farmers.
My guardian angel had not been asleep at the switch.
My guardian asked him what he meant.
My guardian delicately dismissed this remark without making any verbal answer.
My guardian did not seek to dissuade me, and I went.
My guardian looked at us again, plainly saying, "You hear him?"
My guardian now came every day.
My guardian said directly he would go too.
My guest was lying sprawled on his back.
My handkerchief won't hurt you.
My head spins round: I don't know where I am.
My head was swimming so wildly that I could not frame a coherent answer.
My heart aches for him; that it does!
My heart leaped with an enormous relief, but I went on wheeling my stones.
My heart sank.
My heart warms, gentlemen, at the sight of you.
My hobby is breeding guinea pigs
My hobby is genealogy, or family history.
My horn gave an agonised roar, but it was too late.
My husband is on his way.
My husband, poor soul, will probably die of dyspepsia.
My idea was that he would have more influence over the natives.
My infant is not well.
My informant was the man himself, sir.
My internship was only for twelve months.
My irritation lasted through dinner, which I had at a restaurant in Jermyn Street.
My jewels are all in their proper places of keeping.
My joints are aching.
My key competencies are...
My kid adores her sweet fluffy toy.
My kids feel chastened after today's fiasco.
My knowledge of human nature tells me it will work.
My little sister carefully tiptoed through the tulips.
My lords, ladies and gentlemen.
My love, she's clearer than any counsel I ever heard!
My love, you know these two gentlemen?
My man Paddock had given the alarm and had the milkman arrested.
My manly frankness seemed to be producing good results.
My memory fails me, am I getting old?
My meritorious, distinguished, honourable officer!
My mother gives me a new jumper every Christmas
My mother has rheumatoid arthritis.
My mother used a small thimble while sewing.
My mum bakes a mean Victoria sponge.
My name is painted on the door outside.
My name's Ferguson.
My name’s Ainslie.
My nan regularly treats herself to a shampoo and set.
My neighbour is fantastic; he has a great British sense of humour.
My neighbour owned an Alsatian dog, it could run fast.
My neighbour’s springer spaniel is adorable
My nephew goes to a Church of England faith school
My nephew is an expert conjurer.
My nerves were all tingling.
My niece really loves her ballet classes
My observation would be that this is an assumption.
My own voice sharpened a bit as I asked him what he did next.
My parents live in a beautiful house just a stone's throw from the beach.
My part in this business was not yet ended.
My partner was the young dark one.
My phone uses a prepay network service.
My plan had been to lie hid in my bedroom, and see what happened.
My plan was based on psychology, sir.
My precious Lily!
My printer seems to have packed up yet again.
My prompt agility was not without its effect.
My pursuers were patiently quartering the hillside and moving upwards.
My reaction now was very similar.
My record speaks for itself.
My right foot feels like that of a Chinese debutante.
My scheme is far more subtle.
My second favourite cheese is cheddar.
My shoe heels broke while walking.
My sister loves selling things at Bring and Buy sales
My solicitor will be here presently to protect the property.
My son and daughter, your happiness shall be my care.
My son is always on his best behaviour until he gets home.
My son is assembling a Lego robot.
My son is one of the last representatives of two old families.
My son listens to hip-hop and rap music.
My son's a collector: he has magpie syndrome.
My son's closest pals are Will, Robin and Debbie.
My son's fashionable trainers are his pride and joy
My study is crammed full of books.
My stupor can scarcely have lasted beyond a few seconds.
My teacher always told people to "apply yourself!".
My third grader is learning long division right now.
My train has been delayed yet again.
My uncle is a quantity surveyor
My uncle was a member of the Territorial Army
My victory was the outcome of the most strenuous and unremitting efforts.
My vigilance had paid off.
My wants are few and simple.
My washing machine is broken, so I'll wash my clothes at the launderette
My watch is broken.
My whole fate hung upon a woman's word.
My wife and a lodger constitute my family.
My wife goes to the hairdressers; I prefer a traditional gentleman's barber.
My wife is a home-stay mother.
My wife is a whiz at calculating
My wife is a wonderful sewer: she makes all her own clothes.
My wife is on her way.
My wife is the most compassionate person I know.
My wife sings in the local choral society
My wife was a foreman's daughter, and plainly brought up.
My wish is that everything should be openly carried on.
My young friend, sit upon this stool.
My young friends are pressed for time.
My young friends are wards of court.
My, I'm almost homesick for it already.
Naming things is hard.
Nancy was the newsreader who always hosted the nine o'clock news
Nanobots could monitor our health in the future.
Naomi was neither able to forgive nor forget.
Narrate to me this page.
Nasty business here this morning, sir.
National Insurance contributions fund Britain’s National Health Service
Natural selection must take its course.
Naturally he wouldn't, under those contagious circumstances.
Nature taking its toll of the exhausted frame.
Nearer a dozen, I should think.
Nearly all toxicologists agree on that.
Necessity is the mother of all invention.
Neither be cynical about love
Neither could they understand the growing disaffection among Thorpe's men.
Neither of the three served or saved me.
Neither of them were able to identify the culprit.
Neither of these.
Neither of us quite knew what to answer.
Neither was any kind of foreigner; on this my young friend was positive.
Nelly, come here — is it morning?
Nemo struggled to pronounce the word Anemone.
Netscape was the first internet browser to be made open source.
Neuromorphic computing is an example of machines inspired by the human brain.
Neurons that fire together wire together.
Never be a pessimist.
Never change a running system.
Never change a winning team.
Never had he been in so strait a predicament.
Never had she looked so lovely.
Never look down on someone unless you're helping them up.
Never mind about your Scripture prize.
Never run a changing system.
Never saw such a likeness in my life!
Never so strange a prophet came up to Jerusalem.
Never speak of her wealth, if you would keep her favour.
Never transfer money to random people online.
Never you mind for me, miss.
Never, I hope, cousin Richard!
Nevertheless I started to run.
Nevertheless we found ourselves once more in the high seat of abundance.
Nevertheless, I found myself blaming Gussie.
Nevertheless, I persevered.
Nevertheless, instead of proceeding she took time off once more.
Nevertheless, it’s your duty, as a law-abiding citizen.
New Orleans is recovering from a hurricane.
New York City is a bustling metropolis.
New emerging trends point to growing demand in intelligent edge devices.
New house builds often cost much more.
New idea, he volunteered, brand new idea.
Newsletters are being sent to me fortnightly.
Next came an angry voice—the Rabbit’s—‘Pat’!
Next day we went to London.
Next to them the Canada jays were most persistent.
Next, we need to drill down to the detail.
Nice work, Gussie.
Nick was jailed after committing perjury
Nicole's birthday is in August.
Nimrod replied, with a slight manifestation of sensitiveness.
Nip round to the garage at once.
Nissan manufactures cars.
No accounting for tastes!
No business resulted, but the fact remains.
No charge made, except for rations.
No difference in this respect between the base metals and the precious.
No doubt he searched for a telegram.
No doubt it was just trying to play.
No doubt that's the cause.
No doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.
No doubt you were a bit tight at the time.
No good being sorry now.
No knocking or ringing for Mr. Bucket.
No less than the trees and the stars
No light gleamed anywhere.
No living man or woman could.
No machine is an island.
No man ate of the seal meat or the oil.
No man is an island.
No man’s nerve could stand more than a day of being spied on.
No metals are allowed in the x-ray room.
No need to take that tone sir.
No need, I ordered take away, it should be here soon.
No one but themselves ever did know, I believe.
No one could see him from the hotel.
No one else shall hear.
No one has ever ventured this far out.
No one is allowed to stir up hatred towards people.
No one noticed her.
No one who has ever seen you together can doubt his affection.
No one would suspect that the car had ever left the garage.
No one, however, of her audience was inclined to laugh.
No one, however, was willing.
No other woman was with them.
No pain, no gain.
No room!’ they cried out when they saw Alice coming.
No sound came to me in that dark place.
No wonder she ran quickly into the house.
No wonder that I shook my head!
No wonder they were terrified in that dark room.
No, Ada thought I had better not go by myself.
No, Aliens won't take over.
No, I absolutely don't agree, as a matter of fact
No, I accept my destiny.
No, I can't lend you another. You lost the one I lent yesterday!
No, I could not speak; I had not the courage.
No, I did not fall among thieves.
No, I did not know what to do.
No, I don't say that.
No, I had not been deceived in the substance.
No, I see there's no way out.
No, I think I'll go in now.
No, I’ll go one better.
No, but I'll bet she is.
No, but there is something else.
No, don't do that.
No, guv'nor, no; not so bad as that.
No, it is a palace, wherein there are many servants.
No, it is insupportable.
No, listening to him.
No, monsieur; it was empty.
No, my Lady, I've seen him!
No, my friends, I see no other way.
No, no, Gussie, old man.
No, no, I won't be contradicted, Esther dear!
No, no, no, don't go away.
No, no; I feel he may defy us there.
No, not after I left the garage.
No, not engaged.
No, she had never seen him.
No, sir, but I will attend to the matter immediately.
No, thanks, old man.
No, that I cannot forgive.
No, that doesn't make any sense at all.
No, there were no tears.
No, this does not come as a surprise.
No, to be sure, and he wouldn't have, of course.
No, we have not the time.
No, we shall not be here tomorrow; but the night after — yes.
No, you don't do yourself justice.
No, you oughtn’t: that’s quite another thing!
No-sir-ee.
No; I was not attracted by her.
No; but I saw her with you in the rooms.
No; there were some, but the monster has eaten them all.
Nobody has it all his own way now, sir.
Nobody knew his history, they of the Junta least of all.
Nobody knew this, not even Ada.
Nobody knows how the natives got them.
Nobody knows the true depth of this ocean.
Nobody missing, is there?
Nobody taught him even that much; he found it out.
Non-conformists are still conforming to something.
Non-motorists are allowed to cross on allotted areas.
Non-religious weddings are often held at a Register Office
None that I could readily understand!
Nonsense, how can you talk so!
Nope! Too much tomato.
Nope, not the slightest idea.
Nor can I imagine.
Nor did she recover herself very cleverly.
Nor did that day wear out her resentment.
Nor do I know yet.
Nor is it intended for much conversation.
Nor was Elam Harnish an exception.
Nor was it.
Nor would it thaw out his hands and feet.
Not I, my loving cousin!
Not a bit of good to me.
Not a bit of good trying.
Not a bit.
Not a chair was broken, and only a chair upset.
Not a dry stitch.
Not a good idea to shoot the messenger.
Not a little more magnificence, therefore, on the part of Sir Leicester.
Not a morsel of it.
Not a ripple.
Not a soul came near the place.
Not a suggestion of split trousers from start to finish.
Not a thing.
Not a wheel moved in his empire.
Not a word, remember!
Not all companies have strict hierarchies.
Not an ambitious note, but still he sings.
Not at all, sir.
Not at the house of one of your friends?
Not at the present moment.
Not at this particular case, Tom, apologized Whittemore.
Not before midnight, sir.
Not bodily pain so much as nervous, nervous!
Not even any one who had attended on him?
Not everybody agrees that globalisation is progress
Not everybody knows that Wikipedia is available in many different languages
Not feeling fab at the moment.
Not for many and many a day.
Not for the first time today.
Not from any of the big harbours.
Not giving it his full mind.
Not handsome enough to dance with!
Not having Richard to look at, he looked straight before him.
Not heard of him, perhaps?
Not if I can help it.
Not in his usual spirits?
Not many an English leaf or berry that I couldn't name.
Not much of a one, sir.
Not much time for it, I should say?
Not now, precious.
Not of one of the greatest Chancery suits known?
Not on your life.
Not readily, sir.
Not since you had those bars of yours put on.
Not so easily as you think.
Not so fast.
Not so many travellers pass along that road at night.
Not that Alice had any idea of doing that.
Not that I think it will do much good.
Not that he or anybody else thought that that would do much good.
Not the least in the world.
Not the old fire-alarm thing?
Not the way to get on in life, you'll tell me?
Not till the twentieth of May did the river break.
Not to your knowledge, perhaps?
Not what everybody has been talking of!
Not with the greatest urbanity, I must say.
Not yet quite so quick, my old sport.
Not yet, madam.
Nothing but a passing tiff; we got together and talked things over.
Nothing but the one necklace and a handful of rings!
Nothing can be clearer than that.
Nothing could be more delightful!
Nothing could be more precise, exact, and orderly than Greenleaf.
Nothing could console and nothing could appease her.
Nothing could have exceeded the cordiality with which she waved her fork.
Nothing else in it —  no, nothing!
Nothing has been the matter.
Nothing is heard of him, nothing is seen of him.
Nothing is more refreshing than the smell of coffee in the morning.
Nothing is taken except what she wore.
Nothing more than a cautionary fable.
Nothing of any importance whatever, one would have gathered, had occurred.
Nothing of any kind was missing.
Nothing strained or bizarre.
Nothing to it.
Nothing to keep me here, I mean.
Nothing was stirring on the long white ribbon that threaded them.
November is the eleventh month, coming immediately before December
Now I come to her second mistake.
Now I saw cruelty and ruthlessness, where before I had only seen good-humour.
Now I will leave you, for I have much to do.
Now I'll tell you what you want.
Now Irvine was a man of impulse, a poet.
Now I’ll give you something to believe.
Now all those fears were over.
Now all was changed.
Now and then a sheep wandered off the heather to stare at me.
Now animals do not like mockery.
Now at the time I had an open mind.
Now came the next step.
Now don't be troublesome, there's a good soul!
Now don’t interrupt me!’ she went on, holding up one finger.
Now don’t make any more excuses, but listen!
Now go ahead and tell me in a straightforward way what has happened.
Now have you got anything to say against me, Mr Philip.
Now he knew what had perplexed him during the last two days.
Now it is gone.
Now it stood open!
Now it was Harry who beset him.
Now it was missing from the wall.
Now just what do you want to know.
Now keep very quiet.
Now lean your back against it.
Now let us be sensible and dine.
Now let us go.
Now let us take the second.
Now let's see you eat 'em.
Now move on here - come!
Now move on here, some of you.
Now our figuring was all right.
Now please give a plain statement of what occurred.
Now run along, and tell them to hurry.
Now she had lost the use of them altogether.
Now show me the first drawer she touched.
Now tell me what you make of the case.
Now that is sure to help her!
Now that mobile phones are so popular, telephone boxes have largely disappeared
Now that most people have mobile phones, public phone boxes are quite rare
Now that my eyes were opened I wondered where I had seen the benevolence.
Now that my other daughter is married I have two sons-in-law.
Now that my other son is married I have two daughters-in-law.
Now that's delightful, that's inspiriting, that's full of poetry!
Now the murder's out; you despise me, Esther, don't you?
Now these things had been struck dead within him.
Now they've been turned into luxury apartments.
Now this is very important.
Now we come to the passage.
Now we get another fact.
Now we have a second crime.
Now we will take five minutes' rest, and then go on again.
Now you are coming to what I don't understand.
Now you can't help yourself.
Now you can’t deny it, Kitty: I heard you!
Now you're coming down to business, Phil, he exclaimed.
Now you’ve got to be a good chap and help me.
Now, I tell you what, William!
Now, I warn you solemnly.
Now, Kitty, let’s consider who it was that dreamed it all.
Now, a queer thing happened after that man's death.
Now, did it strike your ladyship that she was like anybody?
Now, don’t smile, my dear, I’m asking it seriously.
Now, excellent fellow, let us go in to dinner!
Now, good-bye, and be very happy!
Now, has she deserved this punishment?
Now, how are we to begin?
Now, how were they conducted?
Now, however, he made himself clear.
Now, suppose I had killed him.
Now, take a good look at me!
Now, these tumbling tenements contain, by night, a swarm of misery.
Now, this is not promising.
Now, try to free yourself.
Now, what do you say about her doctor?
Now, what do you say to that?
Now, what do you think of this rascal?
Now, what does our young friend say?
Now, what has this room to say to me?
Now, what’s the next thing?
Now, where are my eyedrops?
Now, where did she keep her jewellery?
Now, you know, so very prepossessing in the lady with the veil!
Now, you men, what do you want?
Now, you understand.
Now, you’re coming home with me.
Nowadays, we have fewer but larger farms.
Nowhere did the raw earth appear.
Nowhere in the North is the soil so prolific.
Nuclear power will soon be replaced by solar power.
Number one: you squeaked twice while your mother was washing your face this morning.
Nurture strength of spirit to shield you in sudden misfortune.
O come O come Emmanuel.
O holy night.
O little town of Bethlehem.
O'Brien emitted a shriek that sank swiftly to a gurgling sob.
O'Brien had been a clean living young man with ideals.
O'Brien took off his coat and bared his right arm.
Oak, ash, elm and beech are classic woodland trees.
Objectively speaking, I think Windows is better for businesses.
Obscurities which had puzzled him were made clear.
Obviously I’m biased.
Obviously Sir Walter believed in me, though why he did I could not guess.
Obviously, it was a disease that could be contracted by contact.
Odd perhaps, but so it is!
Oddly enough, I encountered neither.
Of course I ask for no secrecy at Bleak House.
Of course I don’t think so!
Of course he might be wrong.
Of course it is conjecture.
Of course it was not you.
Of course it won't.
Of course much grumbling went on, and little outbursts were continually occurring.
Of course that’s easy enough.
Of course you couldn't.
Of course you don’t—till I tell you.
Of course you may, cousin Richard.
Of course, Esther, you know what she says here?
Of course, I'm right.
Of course, I’ll be there!
Of course, and what would sir be looking for today?
Of course, for the best.
Of course, he was stunned, amazed.
Of course, it may have returned to the stables by another road.
Of course, it will be agony.
Of course, she was in the darkness.
Of course, that is uninteresting, she continued.
Of her, nothing is known.
Of his Uncle Cyril, yes.
Of other and very different things I come to speak to you.
Of that I am sure.
Of that one would be sure.
Of the banker he could not catch a glimpse.
Of these, indeed, she thought to have made an end.
Of what use to pull stuff like that?
Off with his head!
Often I gaze at my wife with adoration.
Oh No! I dropped my wallet!
Oh No! I dropped my wallet!.
Oh come all ye faithful.
Oh my God, what was I thinking?
Oh my dear paws!
Oh my fur and whiskers!
Oh no! Call the fire brigade!
Oh no, I shall not give you up.
Oh no, the weekly newsletter was never sent!
Oh thank you! she cried. I am so glad!
Oh that he had sprained his ankle in the first dance!
Oh yes, I felt that I must pit myself against him.
Oh, I am confident we shall.
Oh, I am not unhappy, cousin John!
Oh, I assure you he is very odd!
Oh, I like it well enough!
Oh, I see what you mean now.
Oh, I shouldn't think so.
Oh, I shouldn’t like that!
Oh, I thought you didn't hear what I said.
Oh, I was obtaining evidence.
Oh, I was terrified!
Oh, Lord, yes, it's due east —  must be!
Oh, Richard, my dear, so much the worse, so much the worse!
Oh, about ten swallows; say sixteen medium-sized gulps.
Oh, bad from the beginning.
Oh, behave!.
Oh, but I thank you!
Oh, damn it!
Oh, dear me, I'm out of breath.
Oh, dear me, what's this, what's this!
Oh, dear, you are too modest.
Oh, do pray tell me something of her.
Oh, for goodness sake, go away and boil your head, Bertie!
Oh, he is going to tell something at last!
Oh, he turned it off very well.
Oh, hither and thither.
Oh, how I wish I could shut up like a telescope!
Oh, how glad I am to get here!
Oh, how should another woman not know?
Oh, how the fear of that has frightened me!
Oh, it was not possible!
Oh, it was so much better as it was!
Oh, it's all right enough!
Oh, it's just a novel, a love story.
Oh, it's you, is it?
Oh, look at that sweet little star up there all by itself.
Oh, many, many, many years, my dear.
Oh, monsieur, the tambourines and the rapping on the table!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my aches and pains!
Oh, my bones and back!
Oh, my friend, could he not have stolen it?
Oh, no, I don't think so!
Oh, no, that arrives never.
Oh, not what the priests would call a conscience; that I know.
Oh, she admitted that you were clever!
Oh, she said that?
Oh, some time last summer.
Oh, sorry, I thought you said you were.
Oh, thank you — thank you! cried the Scarecrow.
Oh, that very bad child!
Oh, that's not the right answer.
Oh, that, yes.
Oh, the good woman was in a hurry!
Oh, these people are the interesting problems in this story.
Oh, try to forgive me!
Oh, very hearty congratulations.
Oh, was it so?
Oh, well, girls will be girls.
Oh, what a lovely one!
Oh, what a loving and devoted face I saw!
Oh, what a scene of horror!
Oh, what fun it is!
Oh, what have I done?
Oh, yes, it's all right enough.
Oh, you met Madeline at Cannes, did you?
Oil companies would face a backlash if they suddenly hiked up their prices overnight.
Ok, so I was a little dramatic, but you saw what happened!
Ok, that makes sense.
Okay, I think I can do that.
Okay, I'll remind you.
Okay, hand it here.
Old bathrooms had character.
Old buildings often are inefficient at retaining heat.
Old clothes make good rags to clean-up.
Old trainers are not very cool
On Jack’s right was an area where the water was even deeper than usual
On Monday morning, monsieur.
On Saturday afternoons my wife and I normally go shopping
On Sunday afternoons he usually mowed the lawn.
On her face there was now an aspect of eager appeal.
On him I staked all my chances.
On his left were the shuttered windows overlooking the lake.
On his right in the partition wall a door stood open.
On my re-entrance, I found Mr. Heathcliff below.
On occasion, on this traverse, the Cape Verde Islands are raised.
On one chair-back hang the old man's hairy cap and coat.
On that understanding then, I will carry on.
On the Day of Judgment.
On the appointed day she arrived.
On the dressing-table a cord was lying.
On the eleventh hour, they turned up.
On the far corner of the compound fence a hawk brooded.
On the fifth day.
On the other hand, it may not be all right.
On the whole, families are the backbone of a community and a stable society.
On these national occasions Sir Leicester finds the cousins useful.
On this occasion, however, she had let them in with her latchkey.
On what point?
Once I've retired, I'm planning to reconquer Jerusalem.
Once I've started, I can't seem to stop.
Once Ricardo lifted himself up with the hair stirring on his scalp.
Once again I had found an unexpected sanctuary.
Once find the ringleaders, and you know where you are.
Once in Royal David’s city.
Once in the cockpit, he was in his element.
Once or twice he got very peevish, and apologised for it.
Once the jews harp began emitting its barbaric rhythms, Michael was helpless.
Once we have moved, I'm hoping to acquire a poodle.
One a penny, two a penny, hot cross buns
One after another they came out upon the next landing.
One by one the boys were captured.
One can do nothing to please them.
One can see that.
One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs, sir.
One could follow the train of thought.
One could sense the struggle going on within.
One cry and she was safe.
One cry, and she would be saved.
One day he produced my belt from a lockfast drawer.
One day, I would love to visit the high Arctic.
One does the bidding of the spirit which controls.
One finds it difficult to hazard a conjecture, sir.
One glance told her of the danger close at hand.
One great drawback to farming in California is our long dry summer.
One guess will do, Ernest retorted.
One man followed him, but he had no chance.
One man sat in it, and by an amazing chance I knew him.
One moment, you fellows, and I’ll rejoin you.
One must speak a little, you know.
One night he was very solemn.
One noted in the eyes the same intelligent glitter.
One of Jeeves's best.
One of his ripest.
One of the best.
One of the instruments?
One of the jurors had a pencil that squeaked.
One of the nicest I ever met.
One of the others spoke up.
One of them had a book, and took down notes.
One of them was Mr Marmaduke Jopley.
One of these particularly touched me.
One of those glue things on toast?
One of those old pregnant silences filled the room.
One of us, I mean to say.
One raises the eyebrows.
One tablespoonful should be enough.
One teaspoonful should be plenty.
One to come, and one to go.
One touched his cap in salute, and I responded graciously.
One who is too passionless.
Online Education has become accessible and is growing in popularity.
Online gaming can become addictive to many gamers.
Online shopping is facilitated by frictionless payment systems.
Only I do hope it’s my dream, and not the Red King’s!
Only I never can remember the rule.
Only a few hours ago he was engaged to Miss Bassett.
Only a little longer could I endure their company.
Only for a second, but it was enough to make my heart jump.
Only for the moment.
Only his hungry eyes were the same.
Only if you are fine and big enough to consent.
Only it got so cold, and it snowed so, they had to leave off.
Only it must remain a secret between you and me.
Only once did I confide the strangeness of it all to another.
Only once did one of them speak to her.
Only one gigabyte remaining.
Only the chance sound had led him to observe them.
Only think of that, my dear; he actually danced with her twice!
Only think what an establishment it would be for one of them.
Only too pleased. How do you mean?
Only we must begin quick.
Only, it is so wonderful, so almost impossible to believe.
Oolong Atoll was one hundred and forty miles in circumference.
Oolong was two hundred and fifty miles from the nearest land.
Open source culture has facilitated the progress of technology at an astonishing pace.
Open source technology means people don't need to keep reinventing the wheel.
Open street maps enable access to the most remote villages in the world.
Open street maps enable humanitarian aid workers to reach the hardest to reach places.
Open the display settings.
Open the street door, Judy; put these blusterers out!
Open up the pores on your skin.
Oppressive as the heat had been, it was now even more oppressive.
Or I could swear I hadn't.
Or a fairly large brick would do.
Or are you deaf?
Or are you in the same mind?
Or don't you think so?
Or drop a prize.
Or else it doesn’t, you know.
Or have they already devised one.
Or he came to sound you.
Or he may have been taken in, in some pretended bargain.
Or he'll be drawn to ruin.
Or not you so much, perhaps, as your friend in the city?
Or, rather, one individual shark.
Oral re-hydration solutions can help replace lost salts caused by diarrhoea.
Orange juice, then.
Organic materials naturally disintegrate unlike inorganic plastics.
Orient the table in the direction of the east wall.
Orienteering is a sport that combines cross-country running and map reading
Ornithology is a fascinating hobby.
Other options are available.
Other people had thought of such things, if I had not.
Other priorities in life can take over.
Others have only half thrown themselves into it.
Otherwise no restriction is put upon their seafaring.
Otherwise there was only the calling of plovers and the tinkling of little streams.
Otherwise there will be disgrace, imprisonment, penal servitude.
Ouch! Are you hurt?
Our Councils are working hard to meet the needs of the community.
Our Kanban board is looking full this week.
Our Mr Howison will call upon you at your hotel.
Our analysts are conducting an analysis of the public survey data.
Our ancestors worked hard and enabled us to be where we are today.
Our application is a vertically integrated system.
Our aunt is visiting this weekend.
Our car insurance is renewable annually.
Our client's privacy is of paramount importance to us.
Our collective research has not created a single algorithm.
Our colleges outperformed the rest.
Our company is working on attracting younger customers.
Our corpus of literature dates back to the eighteen hundreds.
Our customer service assistants can help you resolve this issue.
Our diagnostics are in full swing.
Our distribution centre is located in the heart of London.
Our elders have the wisdom to learn from.
Our employees are afforded full autonomy in their roles.
Our enemies have not been foolish!
Our family always hated cats: nasty, low, vulgar things!
Our father and our brother had a builder's business.
Our friend —  don't be alarmed!
Our genes determine our physical characteristics.
Our genetics define our appearances and traits. Our experiences define who we are.
Our goals somehow became misaligned.
Our grandmother loves us so much.
Our home is rodent free.
Our house is free of pests.
Our house is on a dead end cul-de-sac.
Our house is on the wrong side of the street — definitely — yes.
Our human form is the most advanced form of intelligence on this planet.
Our interaction was brief.
Our marketing is designed to attract an affluent client base.
Our national debt amounts to several trillion pounds
Our nursery has many activities for toddlers.
Our office is overworked and understaffed.
Our opinion is distinctly different from theirs.
Our politicians are working on bridging understanding between communities.
Our poor devoted Richard was deaf and blind to all.
Our profits have quintupled over the past three years.
Our records show that you never existed.
Our relationship eventually petered out.
Our students are flourishing like never before.
Our system is ethically designed to minimize any unintended impacts.
Our systems are human-centred.
Our systems will encrypt and hash your password for security.
Our team uses domain driven development together.
Our team was relegated to the lower league.
Our teams are fabricating the mould as we speak.
Our users are anonymous unless they wish to share additional data.
Our weather forecasting system is offline.
Our work culture is relaxed.
Ours is better than yours.
Out of abstractions Ernest had conjured a vision and made them see it.
Out of his eighteen hundred, he laid aside sixteen hundred each year.
Out on the water someone was singing.
Outsiders are allowed five minute speeches, the sick man urged.
Outwardly, he maintained a calm and smiling aspect.
Outwardly, the newspaper seemed to have balanced views.
Over the course of the day.
Overall, not too bad.
Overtake him; bring him back instantly!
Pa's miserable, and no wonder!
Pack up a few things and bring them down.
Pair programming helps you look at problems differently.
Pair programming is a good way to notice bugs you might otherwise have missed.
Palm Sunday is the Sunday before Easter.
Palmated newts, sir.
Palmated or syncopated, it doesn't matter which.
Paperwork can be tedious and time-consuming.
Paraffin is the British name for kerosene
Parcels arrive just in time.
Parents acquiesce to a crying toddler.
Parents often accede to children's temper tantrums.
Part of me wants to believe you.
Participants who cheat will be eliminated from the challenge.
Participation awards are worthless in my opinion.
Party Crackers have the cheesiest jokes.
Passionate advocacy of the highest standard.
Passwords should be kept secret.
Patience is a popular card game for one
Patricia has some very expensive jewellery
Paul and Arthur scoured the land for holly and evergreens.
Paul hated his father.
Paul hoped they would.
Paul loved to sleep with his mother.
Paul moved to Oxford for his D Phil.
Paul walked with something screwed up tight inside him.
Paul wanted to sink through the floor.
Paul was now fourteen, and was looking for work.
Paul was seventeen months old when the new baby was born.
Paul went to the counter.
Paul wished he were stupid.
Paul would have succeeded had he studied harder.
Pauline laughed, then tore the letter in half.
Pay attention to stroke... has their Face, Arms or Speech changed unusually?
Paying the money, I suppose?
Payment information is securely encoded and sent to the payment provider for validation.
Peace be unto you and grace before the Lord.
Pearce's little eyes were fixed on him shrewdly.
Pebbles and dirt flew along with hair and fur.
Pencils are made from lead.
Penguins aren't able to fly, but they can swim
People can tell when you receive a mass email.
People did not consider it a burden to look after their parents.
People don't like to reveal their anxieties.
People may be put off from buying expensive homes.
People must learn new skills to adapt to the age of automation.
People often associate Christmas with tinsel and glitter.
People say I'm a good listener.
People should not confuse infatuation with love.
People taking statins must keep away from grapefruit juices.
People who suffer from regular constipation should seek medical guidance.
People who use the phone in the cinema are disrupting others.
People who whisper all the time can be very irritating
People with similar alpha personalities can clash.
Perfect is the enemy of the good
Perfect is the enemy of the good.
Performers, take a bow!
Perhaps I don't.
Perhaps Looking-glass milk isn’t good to drink—But oh, Kitty!
Perhaps he has something else upon it —  some young lady, perhaps?
Perhaps he knows there really is.
Perhaps he thought her too young.
Perhaps she had already met her fate a little deeper in the forest.
Perhaps that was what those secret enemies were playing for.
Perhaps we could compare our cells to algorithms.
Perhaps we should join a wine club.
Perhaps you do right to get used to one.
Perhaps you're right.
Perhaps your friend in the city does.
Perish the thought.
Perishable items must be delivered faster.
Perplexity returned to it.
Perrault found one with head buried in the grub box.
Perseverance is the foundation of accomplishment.
Personally, I snuggled up and let my attention wander.
Personally, I think he would have played it safe.
Perspex is a clear plastic that can sometimes be used to replace glass
Persuasion and Emma are well-known novels by Jane Austen
Peter felt sick, and leaned heavily on the table
Peter is studying to be an engineer.
Petrol and Diesel engines are going the way of the dodo.
Petrol is heavily taxed in England.
Phil bears down upon them according to his usual tactics.
Phil gives a howl at the recollection.
Philip ate lightly of the food which Pierre had ready for him.
Philip began to feel that he had foolishly overestimated his strength.
Philip bent low over Pierre.
Philip bent lower, and stared into the face of the dead man.
Philip did not pursue the subject.
Philip dropped back into his chair.
Philip knew that she was not an Indian.
Philip looked back from the crest and saw Jeanne leaning over the canoe.
Philip made no effort to follow.
Philip produced a couple of cigars and took a chair opposite him.
Philip saw MacDougall soon after his short talk with Thorpe.
Philip snatched at the letter which Gregson held out to him.
Philip stood undecided, his ears strained to catch the slightest sound.
Philip thrust himself against it and entered.
Philip took a step toward Gregson, half determined to awaken him.
Philip was mortified. He begged for a second chance.
Philippa kicked the ball, and Jane caught it.
Phishing is pronounced fishing.
Phishing scammers attempt to spoof a website to steal security details.
Phone boxes or payphones are not so common now
Physical Education is an essential module.
Physicists really don't understand what happened during the big bang
Pick up a copy of our brochure on the way home.
Pierre obeys me when we are together.
Place somewhere on East Coast between Cromer and Dover.
Plagiarized work will be rejected, please cite your source.
Please accept my condolences.
Please answer the questions highlighted by the asterisk.
Please ask before borrowing my pencil sharpener.
Please be careful with the fragile ornament.
Please be rest assured that we will keep your data safe.
Please be vigilant of fake websites.
Please can you acknowledge when this message has been read?
Please can you assure me that the project can be delivered before January?
Please can you order me a cab?
Please can you tend to the plants while I am away?
Please check the inside leg measurement
Please check with the harbourmaster before tying up
Please check your basket is correct before clicking buy.
Please clear the gangway or we won't be able to get out
Please clear your browser cache and try again.
Please close the window.
Please confirm if you would like us to go ahead with your request.
Please confirm our cookie policy.
Please consult your physician if you experience any side effects.
Please contact your network administrator.
Please could you draw the curtains?
Please cross the road at the zebra crossing
Please cycle, walk, or use public transport
Please detach the charging cable.
Please do not breach this contract.
Please do not patronize me.
Please do not think that I already know it all.
Please don't embarrass yourself any further.
Please don't jay-walk: cross the road at the zebra crossing
Please don't keep complaining about my cough
Please don't say any more.
Please don't sit on the worktop!
Please don't think that.
Please drive on the left.
Please enter a model number.
Please enter the recipient address.
Please enter your passkey now
Please excuse me.
Please find attached my resume and covering letter.
Please find attached the accompanying file.
Please find attached the consignment number of your order.
Please get to the back of the queue!
Please give me an itemized breakdown of the costs.
Please give your insight into how you feel it would affect your life.
Please go around.
Please grab me a can of fizzy pop on the way home.
Please guide me to my chambers.
Please handle the alternator assembly with care.
Please indicate whether you prefer option A or option B
Please indicate your cellular carrier.
Please indicate your cellular provider.
Please join us in celebrating our wedding anniversary
Please join us in the dining room.
Please keep hands and legs in the vehicle at all times.
Please kneel for the solemn part of the ceremony.
Please leave your hat on the hatstand in the hall
Please let me know as soon as you can
Please make sure that nothing is omitted.
Please mute the sound.
Please offer your points and perspectives.
Please place miscellaneous items in the fourth box.
Please print the document using A-four sized paper.
Please put the medication back into its corresponding box after use.
Please rate the priority of the enhancement.
Please read my proposal for the future direction of the business.
Please read the frequently asked questions page before posing a new question.
Please refer to the manual operating instructions
Please register for a postal vote before the election
Please report any defects you find.
Please reset your app cache and try again.
Please ring for room service
Please scan the bar code to view the nutritional information.
Please see the attachment for more information.
Please see the graph below.
Please send me the business case for your company’s expansion plan
Please send them my regards.
Please share your comments.
Please sign on the dotted line.
Please specify the service provider.
Please specify your broadband service provider.
Please stop complaining all the time!
Please submit a detailed report on the impact of e-commerce on retail.
Please submit your budgets for the next financial year
Please tap to edit.
Please tick the box
Please try again.
Please try not to burst the balloons
Please try to keep that crying baby quiet
Please turn to page twenty-three in the original document
Please use your full address, including postcode
Please wash your hands after using the water closet.
Please watch the Youtube video of my daughter's concert
Please wear appropriate footwear.
Please wind down the windows.
Please would you sign me your autograph?
Plenty will come in, but none can help.
Plunging headfirst into the swimming pool.
Pluto is now considered to be a dwarf planet
Poetry is a reflection of human creativity.
Poetry, just imagine!
Points of view, new ideas, life.
Poor little Crooked-Leg was terribly scared.
Popular classical composers include Beethoven, Verdi, Puccini and Liszt.
Porcupines are fascinating.
Porridge is healthier without sugar.
Possession is nothing to me.
Possibly I am letting the thing prey on my mind too much.
Possibly just the sharp intake of the breath.
Possibly to roam the house-tops again and return by the chimney.
Potato crisps are thinly sliced fried potatoes, eaten as a snack
Potato is full of carbohydrates.
Prams and pushchairs can be accepted on the bus only when folded
Prawn cocktail used to be a very popular starter
Pray be careful of yourself, miss.
Pray be seated —  here near me.
Pray be seated, Sir Leicester.
Pray come and see my lodging.
Pray dismiss that from your consideration.
Pray excuse the introduction of such mean topics.
Pray help him sometimes with your companionship if you can.
Pray put him down, Miss Summerson!
Pray see him when you get there.
Pray silence for tonight’s speaker.
Pregnant, I believe, is what they're generally called.
Preliminary spadework must be put in.
Premature babies are sometimes also known as preemies.
Prepare for the worst!
Prequels are better if they fit with the storyline and explain unanswered questions.
Presently I observed someone leave the house and saunter along the cliff.
Presently I reached the end of my wanderings.
Presently I was in a land of lush water-meadows and slow reedy streams.
Presently he got very excited and walked up and down the hearthrug.
Presently he hears a rustling.
Presently she began again.
Presently, however, he hove in view, doing fearfully lissom things in mid-floor.
Press down on the accelerator pedal to move forward.
Press eject to release the disk.
Press escape to return.
Press the asterisk key after the tone.
Prevention is better than cure.
Prince was teaching, of course.
Principal rivers—there are none.
Principally because I received a letter from Scudder.
Printed, published and sold at Geneva.
Priscilla drinks —  she's always drinking.
Private Eye is a British fortnightly satirical magazine.
Probability and statistics will be valuable for students of machine learning.
Probably a flatfish.
Proceed with caution.
Production and Consumption of electricity.
Production is doubling and quadrupling upon itself.
Profits have risen year over year by four percent.
Projects sometimes have to compromise on small features to meet deadlines.
Prolonged sessions of smoking Shisha is not healthy.
Proper Planning Prevents Poor Performance.
Propinquity, in my opinion, is what will do the trick.
Pros and cons.
Providence had delivered him through the maelstrom.
Public transport is extremely efficient.
Puerto Rico suffered a recent hurricane.
Pull the other one!
Punctuality was not something he is known for.
Punnets of strawberries can often be bought from roadside stalls in summer
Purchasers of homes usually need a deposit for a mortgage.
Purchasing a car is easy, maintaining it takes work.
Purify water using a suitable filter before drinking it when outdoors.
Purvis climbed the platform.
Push it away untasted?
Push my dinner away, eh?
Pushchairs can be folded when the toddler wants to walk
Put down your weapons.
Put on your goggles and let's begin.
Put that shawl on me.
Put them next to your great-uncle the judge.
Put your feet up on my lap.
Put yourself into their place for a moment.
Quaint or not quaint, bizarre or not bizarre.
Quantum computing machines are rare and hard to build.
Quantum machines have exotic parts and components are hard to procure.
Quick was the disappointment in his face, yet smiling was the acquiescence.
Quietly as we came into the bank, they heard or saw us.
Quite absurd, laddie — quite absurd.
Quite all right.
Quite an adventure for a morning in London!
Quite disgusting, I call it.
Quite in order, Tuppy, old man.
Quite plainly, she was not in the vein.
Quite possibly it may come off.
Quite possibly you can, if you have not lost your grip.
Quite right, and quite true.
Quite simple, really.
Quite strong enough for that, miss!
Quite the tortured soul.
Quotas had to be met and contracts satisfied.
Rabbits, rats and mice can reproduce extraordinarily quickly.
Rachel blushed, embarrassed, as she had never before received a B grade.
Racing cars are essential to motorsport
Radiator coolant has a cooling effect on an Engine.
Ralph wondered what on earth the Q in his middle name stood for.
Raoul yelled, in order to make himself heard.
Rapid accelerations are not good for an engine.
Rather a bad look-out for me!
Rather like glue flavoured with beef extract.
Rather than eat and drink, he preferred to smoke incessantly
Rayan is convinced he could turn unrecyclable plastics into life-sized Lego blocks.
Reach for his cheque-book and start writing.
Reaching the peak of the mountain was an exhilarating experience.
Read me the latest sports statistics.
Read my Twitter feed.
Read my bio for more info.
Read the abstract before investing time in the rest of the paper.
Read the endnote.
Read the story those footprints write in the mould there.
Reader, I married him.
Reading his poetry, a drowsy numbness came over me.
Real love does not end when the honeymoon period ends.
Really, it’s most disrespectful of you!
Really, madam, I cannot make you a definite reply.
Really, she ought to have taught you better manners!
Receiving file via blue tooth.
Recent advances in modern medicine have been nothing short of astonishing.
Reckless driving is the cause of many fatalities.
Recognition and reproduction.
Recollect your school at Kensington at three.
Record your voice.
Recruiters are always looking for brilliant graduates.
Red-Eye never committed a more outrageous deed.
Red-Eye swung back and forth on the branch farther down.
Reduce, Reuse, Recycle for a better planet.
Reducing misdiagnoses and unnecessary treatments will improve healthcare.
Reducing waste and pollution is a collective responsibility.
Refer to the Owner's Manual for further instructions.
Reforestation schemes are being implemented in a desperate bid to tackle climate change.
Refugees are empowered to rebuild their lives through education and work experience.
Refugees are normal people who have been displaced due to natural disaster or conflicts
Refugees are vulnerable people.
Regardless of our ideological views, we are all human.
Regardless of the setback, the project continued.
Regardless of your political allegiances, you should oppose this cruel bill.
Regular exercise can improve cardiovascular health.
Regular expression can be used to detect patterns in a string of text.
Regular maintenance is the best way to prolong the life of an engine.
Regular practice improves performance.
Regular small overpayment's on a mortgage is the best way to reduce interest.
Regulation and governance removes ambiguity.
Remainers are a nickname given to people who disagree with the Brexit referendum.
Remember this, and keep my confidence.
Remember to draw your assumptions, before conclusions.
Remember we parked in section D three.
Remember what peace there may be in silence.
Remembering is more satisfying than forgetting.
Reminds me of Cannes.
Remotely lock my car.
Remuneration is usually calculated according to supply and demand.
Rents are considerably higher in the inner parts of the city.
Repay your smallest debt quickly, then use the surplus on the larger debts.
Repeal this statute, my good sir?
Report fake websites to anti-phishing companies to make a safer internet.
Research opens many possibilities.
Researchers are taking inspiration from biological worlds to design the next generation of tech.
Residents must register with the electoral register to be eligible to vote.
Responsibility, my dear Miss Summerson?
Responsible adults have a duty of care to children.
Rest assured of that!
Result, agony of spirit and no progress.
Revenue is expected to increase year over year.
Review the facts, I mean to say.
Ricardo called for his hat and his stick.
Ricardo cut the stitches of the sacking.
Ricardo dared not glance at him.
Ricardo drew a letter from his pocket.
Ricardo drew his chair up towards the others.
Ricardo felt like a child in the presence of his schoolmaster.
Ricardo fetched her cloak and slipped it on her shoulders.
Ricardo got up and walked down from the hotel with the detective.
Ricardo in his turn examined the petticoat.
Ricardo leaned forward eagerly.
Ricardo leaned with careful artistry against the wall.
Ricardo recognised him with a start of surprise.
Ricardo recognised the force of the argument.
Ricardo recognised the justice of his description.
Ricardo sprang across the room and tore open the envelope.
Ricardo spun round upon his heel.
Ricardo stared at his friend.
Ricardo stared in stupefaction at his companion.
Ricardo was a trifle disappointed.
Ricardo was in the seventh Heaven.
Ricardo was on the look-out for deep mysteries.
Ricardo, trembling with excitement, watched him.
Rice pudding is the ultimate comfort food.
Rich enough to work with tolerable peace of mind?
Rich or poor, we all end up in the same sized house someday.
Richard and I looked at one another again.
Richard bowed and stepped forward.
Richard gave an anxious glance at Ada but said nothing.
Richard had received a similar letter and had made a similar response.
Richard has told him the absolute truth.
Richard led me to a chair and sat himself beside me.
Richard loved to involve the children.
Richard observed that the situation was exposed on a sharp night.
Richard recollected the time when he used to be a keen cyclist.
Richard spoke in his vivacious way.
Richard spoke with the same shade crossing his face as before.
Richard's entrance stopped the conversation.
Richard, his face flushing suddenly, strikes the desk with his clenched hand.
Rick, my boy, Esther, my dear, what have you been doing?
Right ho, then.
Right on his head as usual!
Right on the bull's-eye.
Right through the empty streets of Geneva the landau was quietly driven.
Right, lets try these new skills out!
Ring out those joyful bells.
Ring, and take me to my room!
Risks can be mitigated with foresight.
Rob Peter to pay Paul.
Rob and Bob went bowling.
Rob's wedding is in April.
Robbery, bribery, fraud
Robert was most impressed with Mary's prowess.
Robotic process automation will enable surgeons to perform delicate procedures easily.
Robots will be able to think independently when Artificial General Intelligence is discovered.
Robots will not destroy humanity.
Rock of ages.
Rock, paper, scissors is a popular children's game.
Romeo and Juliet is one of Shakespeare’s best plays
Ron's looking a bit peaky.
Rosa has been crying and is in distress.
Rosa looks up for the first time, quite frightened at the thought.
Rosa, with fresh tears, kneels at her feet and kisses her hand.
Roses are red, violets are blue.
Rows of people stood on the factory floor.
Run - run for your life!
Run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of gloves and a fan!
Running in the corridors is not allowed
Russia wouldn’t like that, and there would be high words.
Ryu practised the guitar.
Saccharin is an artificial sweetener.
Sadly it was too little, too late.
Sadly my telescope was nothing like the Hubble.
Safe in my own room, I read the letter.
Saffron rice is expensive.
Said the gentleman, "Don't you want to go there?"
Sam and Patricia watched a film while eating their supper.
Samuel collects shiny football stickers.
Samuel is a collector of rare retro games.
Sand, Cement and Gravel cohesively bond together to create a strong concrete mix.
Sandel would never become a world champion.
Santa Claus knows whether you're naughty or nice.
Sapphire makes great jewellery.
Sarah taught kids during the day and looked after her cats in the evening.
Saturn is a planet.
Saxon nodded, and the boy frowned.
Saxon waited, for she knew a fresh idea had struck Billy.
Saxon's onto her job.
Say I am innocent and I get a lawyer.
Say good-bye to your father, Sam.
Say it once again, and I'll biff you where you stand.
Say nothing to any one of what passes between us.
Say on, Augustus.
Say there's something you want to say to her.
Say what you have got to say!
Say what you have to say.
Say you are sure before I go away, Ma.
Scarcely had he uttered the name when Pierre's closing eyes shot open.
School is cancelled due to the fifty-foot dinosaur ravaging the area.
School meetings were held in the auditorium.
Scientists believe that life on Earth started more than four billion years ago
Scotch tape, also known as Sellotape, is very useful for wrapping Christmas presents
Scudder had got on to this, but he could not act for a fortnight.
Scudder has gone off the track there.
Scudder was content to call them collectively the “Black Stone”.
Sea shells are scattered across the beach.
Seal the envelope.
Search for cat images.
Seat belts have saved countless lives since its inception.
Secondly the woman came to the house.
Security by obscurity is the same as having no security.
See again, on the table here!
See another reason for urging it on!
See for yourself.
See here, on my arm!
See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance!
See how high you can make the ball bounce
See how the soot's falling.
See that you have left out nothing.
See the length of the body and that elongated neck.
See the mace and seal upon the table.
See the progress we are seeing in machine learning today.
See yet again a little.
See you Tuesday!
See you later. I must rush.
See you look after that.
See! You’re better than Bruce now.
See, at that little table over there? I kept it for them.
Select all rows between these dates.
Self-confidence seemed to ooze from the fellow's every pore.
Self-help books are useless unless internalized.
Send that off, Jeeves.
Sending our daughter to boarding school was the hardest decision we had to make.
Sentence first—verdict afterwards.
Sentimental, possibly, but we old journalists do have these feelings.
Separate the yolk from the egg.
Separating the wheat from the chaff.
Sequels are better if they have continuity.
Seventeen pounds eleven and fivepence.
Seventeen, no, eighteen days ago.
Several letters for Sir Leicester are upon it.
Several members of the bar are still to be heard, I believe?
Several people are awaiting trial, including John.
Sex is a subject that we need to talk about openly.
Shake a leg!
Shakespeare was a world-famous playwright.
Shall I carry you.
Shall I tell you something?
Shall we build the treehouse up this sycamore tree?
Shall we go and get something to eat?
Shall we go up in the lift, or shall we take the escalator?
Shall we go up in the lift, or take the escalator?
Shall we have a jacket potato for lunch?
Shall we just get a takeaway tonight?
Shall we watch a film at the cinema this afternoon?
She absolutely loves dancing and singing.
She accidentally spilt water into the boiling pan of oil
She acquiesced with the greatest suavity.
She acquired a power over her which was unassailable.
She added, with genuine sympathy in her face and voice.
She always ground her own coffee.
She and my Cousin Angela are close friends.
She announced her intention to conquer the world
She announced that the sequel was being pushed back.
She answered for herself directly.
She appeared not to have heard.
She approached with trepidation
She asked me about myself, and I told her.
She assembled the flat-pack desk all by herself.
She ate some food and drank a glass of champagne.
She ate the last of the pizza
She attends classes regularly
She avoids artificial fibres such as polyester or nylon.
She became more than grave.
She began really to live as she understood life at this time.
She began to feel that she was in master-hands.
She believed in them implicitly.
She bought a top-of-the-range car with a hire purchase agreement
She bought flowery curtains for the new house.
She bought her daily copy of The Times at her local corner shop
She bought most of her clothes from a catalogue
She broke off, and stood glaring at Jeeves.
She buried her face in her arms and sobbed.
She buried her face in her hands and sobbed.
She burst into a torrent of foul oaths.
She buys most of her clothes at Bring and Buy sales
She calmly finishes the sentence.
She came down the long hall with Harry at her side.
She came down with a bout of flu.
She came down with a bout of influenza.
She can be proud of what she’s achieved
She can follow, no doubt, now without assistance.
She can jolly well sing for her supper!
She carefully placed the precious envelope in deposit box L and locked it.
She carried her clothes in a holdall
She caught Toto by the ear.
She caught her by the neck and lifted her up.
She caught up the dress and tried again.
She caught up with her before she reached the villa.
She concealed her wedding ring from the thief.
She coughed heavily and then sighed.
She could not be.
She could not quell them.
She could not sit still.
She couldn’t make out what had happened at all.
She crouches on the parapet outside for hours and hours.
She cycled along the smooth, metalled road
She dared not complain.
She dared not even mention that gentleman.
She dared not go back to her room.
She denied swinging from the chandelier.
She despises me now.
She detaches herself from her simple-hearted companion and leaves the room.
She dials the phone and waits.
She did not even do that!
She did not quite know what answer to make..
She did not shrink from the completion of the plan now.
She did not understand it.
She died of oesophagal cancer.
She dines alone in her own room today.
She displays her environmental credentials by cycling to the shops on her pushbike
She dived from the diving board into the swimming pool.
She does not expect a judgment?
She does not know how much I know about those diamond eardrops.
She doesn't look it.
She draws off her glove to get some money from her purse.
She dwelt in some street of Bohemia; so much was clear.
She eats a great deal.
She embraces the boy tightly.
She emphasised the point by waving her hands.
She exhibited, however, no signs of violence.
She explained his error to him in words of one syllable.
She exuded charisma and likability.
She faced discrimination at work, so she started her own business.
She falters, trembles, and puts her hand confusedly to her head.
She favoured the little one more.
She feigned offense at every opportunity.
She fell against me — her whole weight.
She fell at the first hurdle.
She fell upon my neck and kissed me twenty times.
She felt as if she had been used as a punchbag
She felt completely wrung out.
She felt the ends drawn close at the back of her head.
She finished early that day, and decided to go to the spa.
She fixed her fine eyes on Africa again.
She flung her glass of wine in his face
She flung herself on to a bench.
She found history, geography and Latin to be exceptionally boring.
She found walking in the woods a very good way to relax
She gathered in carefully the girl's frock.
She gave a gulp.
She gave him a real roasting.
She gave his address.
She glanced up at my entrance.
She goes down without answering or looking behind her.
She got a first for her photography module.
She got up at once.
She had a bad cough.
She had a beautiful bathing costume
She had a blood clot.
She had a constant ringing in her ears.
She had a fortune in precious stones — oh, but a large fortune!
She had a gift of rapid comprehension.
She had a pained expression throughout the interview.
She had a soft demeanour.
She had a twinkle in her eye.
She had a very smart flat on the second floor
She had all the missionary zeal of a fanatic.
She had an electric cooker, but with gas rings rather than an electric hob
She had been carefully tutored for her work.
She had been losing.
She had been saying all the while, "Let me go!"
She had been thoroughly and efficiently mauled.
She had been wont to sail into the room, distant, mystical.
She had bloodshot eyes from lack of sleep.
She had but a few seconds.
She had but to stand and submit.
She had cheated, increasing her chances of winning the hand to eighty-three percent
She had died from cold and starvation.
She had drawn her inference from one simple fact.
She had given a faint indication of intending to speak.
She had her audience already expectant of mysteries, prepared for marvels.
She had her victims safe within the villa.
She had him wrapped up around her fingers.
She had kept her eyes open.
She had lived in a lax world.
She had never seen such a strange-looking soldier in all her life.
She had never set eyes on it before.
She had no faith in you.
She had one thought — to hide herself in the darkness of the garden.
She had only youth and a pretty face.
She had polished off her salmon, and now put the plate down.
She had put them secretly away.
She had replied, gratefully accepting his proposal.
She had said the wrong thing.
She had scarcely eaten a morsel for several days.
She had set about the task of seducing the maid.
She had such an exquisite little nosegay in her hand.
She had them to herself.
She had thought he might have been employed.
She had travelled much amongst monotonous, drab towns without character or amusements.
She hadn’t heard the rumours that were going around the office.
She hailed a closed cab and drove off inside it.
She half closed her eyes.
She has a great fortune in jewels.
She has a high pedigree.
She has a staid composure.
She has an extensive vintage record collection.
She has been acting a part the whole time.
She has been the confidential friend rather than the maid.
She has exceptional grades.
She has had cataract surgery in both eyes.
She has high self-esteem and is confident in carrying herself.
She has hypochondria.
She has metastatic cancer.
She has my utmost respect.
She has no daughter of her own, has she?
She has pride, sensibility, all the natural feelings of a good woman.
She has something to tell us.
She has to write.
She has two nieces of her own.
She heard her discussing with her maid what frock she should wear.
She heard the door open again and shut again.
She held her head averted.
She held out her wrists.
She hesitates, but he motions again, and she sits down.
She hides the earrings in her pocket.
She hired a transit van when she moved out of her rented flat
She hit on the great idea of snail farming.
She is a book reviewer and literary critic.
She is a hypochondriac.
She is a leader in the Fintech industry.
She is a most affectionate creature, as I have reason to say.
She is a most charming young lady indeed.
She is acquainted with the man, the dogs' chiropodist.
She is always hurrying from one appointment to the next.
She is an Athlete.
She is an expert poker player.
She is an extraordinary woman.
She is an intellectual property solicitor in London, specialising in licensing.
She is asked where the jewels are hidden.
She is conscientious.
She is essentially the life-giving, life-conserving female of the species.
She is far from being in a happy frame of mind.
She is going to cook us a roast for Sunday lunch
She is having fun playing with her rubber duck in the bath
She is merely a danger to them.
She is more a friend than an acquaintance.
She is not in sight yet?
She is not quite prostrated by fatigue?
She is not such a simpleton.
She is now decided, and prepared to throw it off.
She is only now in a natural sleep.
She is persuaded that he must be a Freemason.
She is really mischievous.
She is refusing to play by the rules.
She is sly and full of malice.
She is some good woman anxious to earn four thousand francs.
She is the child of the universe.
She is the dearest friend I have!
She is the highest performing worker indeed.
She is the lead lecturer of informatics.
She is the pivot it all turns on.
She is training to be a veterinary surgeon
She is very fortunate in her guardian.
She is way ahead of her time.
She is wearing a long gown.
She is young, but she knows her world.
She jerked out the words between her sobs.
She keeps fit by jogging at least twice a week.
She kept her head quite still, and then — why was he so long?
She kept her little secrets in her pencil case.
She kicked and writhed, and a little tearing sound was heard.
She knew that for want of food she was almost fainting.
She knew very well.
She knows certainly that we are here.
She knows how devoted you are to food.
She knows such a very little!
She knows you simply got cold feet.
She laid a quivering hand on his shoulder.
She lay back and cried quietly in the darkness of the carriage.
She lay back with her eyes closed.
She lay back, drinking in the fresh air.
She lay with her bosom heaving.
She leaned forward in anxiety.
She lectured that he needed to change his ways.
She lifted this dress out and said that nothing was missing there.
She lifts up her eyes and looks at him.
She liked her bra and pants to be white
She liked him too little to care for his approbation.
She likes to have a bath rather than a shower
She lives in Geneva.
She lives in Scotland, in Edinburgh
She lives the same life still?
She locked her jewels away in this safe.
She looked about the room.
She looked at Adele.
She looked at me in a pleading sort of way.
She looked at me inquiringly.
She looked at me, perplexed.
She looked ill, and her face was very white.
She looked like a tomato struggling for self-expression.
She looked round the room.
She looked round upon the company and shrugged her shoulders.
She looked through the girl's wardrobe to see what was missing.
She looked towards the glass doors and understood.
She looked with a secretly glistening eye.
She looks to me like t'other one.
She loved him dearly; he knew it, and I knew it.
She loved science, and at school physics and mathematics were her favourite subjects
She loved the color mauve.
She made a little dolly out of a clothes peg
She made a slip there.
She made a special statement to say sorry
She made an apt point.
She made her mistake in that.
She made light work of her sewing.
She made no effort to withdraw it.
She made no remonstrance.
She made no struggle of resistance; she lay quiet and still.
She made use of a small plug-in in Firefox
She managed to ascend to the third branch, before falling.
She managed to believe six impossible things before breakfast
She may be an hour, she may be more.
She may have loved me once.
She melted before one's eyes.
She merely moves her head in reply.
She merely proposed herself for your maid, you know.
She might have just turned out the pocket of an old dress.
She might well be one of my great aunts.
She might write a letter.
She mostly listens to audiobooks and podcasts
She moved a fire-screen in front of it.
She moved like one in a dream.
She must at any rate preserve the memory of that colour.
She must be earning three times the national average.
She must have been a remarkably clever girl.
She must have changed her dress last night in an unusual hurry.
She must have noted your lack of appetite.
She must have noticed your supreme sacrifice.
She needs no further escort.
She negligently calls him back.
She never again referred to it, from that day onwards.
She never ate more than half a plateful
She never turns her head.
She nodded, and her eyes grew soft and moist.
She obeyed, shrinking back with the baby in her arms.
She obtained top marks in her maths exams.
She offered him a paltry rate.
She offered me a bribe, he said.
She opened her eyes, and she wondered.
She opened the door.
She ordered the sausages while he asked for a salad.
She paid her rent in monthly instalments
She passed her driving test on her first attempt.
She paused at this point and gave me a look.
She paused for a moment or two to recover her composure.
She picked him up and ran toward the balloon.
She picked up the necklace and stuffed it into her bag
She picks up most of her vintage clothes at jumble sales
She pitied him deeply.
She placed it in the cab and waited in the doorway.
She placed the cloak just outside the door of the salon.
She pleaded that she was left exhausted at the end of them.
She pleaded with him, in a trembling voice.
She pointed to the recess; her voice rang with contempt.
She popped over yesterday and drank four glasses of wine!
She positively laughed at the fancy.
She preserved the evenness of her disposition..
She pressed herself against the pillar.
She put her hat on her head.
She quoted the saying: money doesn't grow on trees.
She raised herself, or rather would have raised herself.
She ran back into the rooms.
She ran in, and was running out again when she saw me.
She ran to the cloak-room, and came back again with her cloak.
She really hated getting up in the morning
She really is a marvel.
She really needed her espresso in the morning.
She received a jasmine flower.
She recovered herself with an effort.
She recovers her balance.
She referred to the answer she gave yesterday.
She relied on her cleaner to keep the place free of dust.
She remained standing just for a moment without moving.
She removed the girl's hat and cloak and tossed them aside.
She rose to her feet, and tottered.
She rose vividly before their minds as a living woman.
She roughly plucked the earrings out of the girl's ears.
She runs so fearfully quick.
She rushed out into the garden.
She said gently, but very seriously, "you are not kind."
She said it with an involuntary contraction of her fine black eyebrows.
She said she had a headache.
She said she would kick her slippers off.
She said that you invented your own tests.
She said with chattering teeth.
She sank again into unconsciousness.
She sank into a chair, looking a bit shop-worn.
She sank into her chair, and he came over to her side.
She sat across the room.
She sat stiff, with eyes fixed and staring.
She saw a feline shape stalking through the bushes
She saw the answer in his face.
She saw the houses in darkness.
She saw the men upon the threshold.
She saw who the intruder was: it was her lover, Harry.
She scarcely makes a stop, and sweeps upstairs alone.
She screamed; "I want to go, too!"
She screamed; "run for the cellar!"
She searched in vain for a familiar face.
She seemed about to speak, but I checked her with a gesture.
She seemed glad to see me.
She seemed to come out of a reverie.
She seemed to like cheese straws.
She seemed to respect him and even to wish to conciliate him.
She seemed to shimmy a bit.
She seemed to sway like a sapling.
She seems so aloof, so remote.
She seems to be implying that I can never improve.
She seems to feel The stir of life along her keel.
She seems to have acquired some bad habits
She sees her chance.
She sells handmade bracelets.
She sewed most of her own clothes.
She shall sit opposite, with the light upon her face.
She shortly and unexpectedly addressed me in the same sulky way.
She should have given her a false name.
She should have stuck with it.
She shrank from it.
She shut her eyes against the blinding light.
She sighed resignedly.
She signed a two-year contract at the age of eighteen.
She silently lays trains of gunpowder.
She slightly showed me her arm, and it was fearfully thin indeed.
She smiled imploringly, gratefully.
She sneered at them.
She snorted emotionally.
She spoke aloud and quite indifferently.
She spoke in a quiet and most serious voice.
She spoke with a cool foreign accent.
She stands looking out at the same stars without a word.
She stared at Helene with incredulous, horror-stricken eyes.
She stared at him stupidly.
She started and saw Adele's arm flash upwards.
She started forward, and Adele spoke sternly from the seat opposite.
She stayed with us nearly three weeks.
She steps on to the drive.
She still seems to be in quite a lot of pain.
She stood at the side of the pavement, and crossed at the pedestrian crossing
She stood just within the door of the supper-room.
She stood on the pavement and burst into tears.
She stood twisting the fingers and scratching the gravel with her foot.
She stood up again.
She studies something at her leisure.
She suddenly ran across the room and knelt down before Celia.
She swept down the corridor, looking neither to left nor to right.
She then walked me on very fast.
She thought it time to strike.
She thought she was going to be stung.
She thought; and she steeled herself against the thought.
She told her share of the story — she told what happened.
She told me herself.
She told us so this morning.
She told us that the strange woman Adele had black hair.
She took a cheese straw.
She took another cheese straw.
She took up a length of the thin cord.
She took up her part at once.
She tore off her gloves and showed them her lacerated wrists.
She treated her just as the others had done.
She tried to participate, but nobody listened.
She tried to rise to her feet.
She tried to scream; she could not utter a sound.
She turned and caught his coat.
She turned her head back again towards the window.
She turned in at the hotel.
She turned to him; unconsciously familiar words rose to her lips.
She turned to the elder woman with a sort of appeal.
She turned, fearing that Jacques might see what was in her face.
She understood quickly what was the matter, and laughed at her affectionately.
She understood well the things of which she and her friend had talked.
She used a cash dispenser to withdraw money
She used a plaster to cover a small cut on her little finger
She used archaic terminology in her conversation.
She uses SnapChat more than Facebook
She uttered a bellow of rage.
She utters a little sharp scream.
She walked me on faster yet.
She walks faster than I do.
She wanted to understand how she could license her copyright.
She was a brilliant undergraduate who went on to gain first class honours
She was a famous Norwegian politician.
She was a good, good woman!
She was a great fan of country music
She was a mature six-year-old.
She was a schoolmistress in her younger days.
She was a shop assistant at the local shoe shop
She was a visionary and will be deeply missed.
She was a woman of mean understanding, little information, and uncertain temper.
She was a youthful eighty-year-old, and not at all old-fashioned.
She was about to say?
She was always being deceived and imposed upon.
She was always grave and strict.
She was always promising more than she could deliver.
She was at no pains to wear a mask.
She was awakened some time the next day by the door opening.
She was barred for using foul language.
She was both beautiful and young to their eyes.
She was built primarily to sail.
She was by nature extraordinarily sensitive to impressions.
She was carrying a huge rucksack, with sleeping bag and tent
She was certainly quite young.
She was cheated of her heart's desire.
She was collecting useful things in her bottom drawer
She was coughing and spluttering all the way through the concert.
She was desperate to train as a fighter pilot.
She was desperate, she was lonely.
She was distraught that she scored lower by just a few points.
She was dressed as Helene had described.
She was duped; she was perpetually robbed.
She was even more beautiful than when I saw her, before.
She was given a fine for illegal parking.
She was gobsmacked to be told that she had contracted glandular fever
She was his now, forever.
She was hot, and she took a hurried bath.
She was important, but really ordinary and straightforward.
She was in a feverish mood of excitement.
She was in ecstasy.
She was in pain, and her throat burned.
She was injured from the previous game.
She was kidding you.
She was laid upon her bed.
She was made for them.
She was mending a sack.
She was never too tired for that.
She was not discontented with her conversation.
She was not here last night.
She was not kidding me.
She was not with them.
She was of the dregs.
She was only at the beginning of them.
She was placed in a chair.
She was pleased to be accepted onto the course
She was prepared with an escape from the difficulty?
She was prosecuted for drink-driving, and she lost her licence
She was quite dead.
She was really fond of her work colleagues.
She was recognizable after the makeover.
She was sallow, with black hair and bright eyes like beads.
She was sallow; her eyes, her hair, were dark.
She was shopping near the casino when he passed her.
She was sick and faint with terror.
She was silent for a moment or two.
She was singularly quick, singularly receptive.
She was sleeping under his protection as sweetly as a child.
She was still standing in the hall.
She was sure of it the next instant.
She was sure she could not free them.
She was telling him the story last night.
She was the leader.
She was the only female surgeon that I knew.
She was the perfect picture of a servant who knew her place.
She was the rigid, respectable peasant woman, speaking out her contempt.
She was the stout woman with whom your young friend went away?
She was thin and gaunt, and never smiled, now.
She was thought to be putting on the kettle.
She was too much puzzled to make any other remark.
She was trying to pass the apron string around him.
She was uncharacteristically quiet.
She was unfairly criticised
She was up to her chin in salt water.
She was very much attached to me — very much.
She was violently sick on awakening.
She was walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.
She was watching the woman, and she was watching him fascinated with terror.
She was, however, really troubled in another way.
She wasn't able to anticipate the strike.
She wasn't able to go swimming as she had a verruca on her foot
She wasn't sure whether to buy the estate car, or the saloon version
She wasn’t able to get through, as the line was engaged
She wasn’t able to shed any light on the problem, unfortunately.
She watched him a little anxiously as she took it.
She wears woollen clothes or natural fibres such as silk, cotton or linen.
She went from hero to zero in a heartbeat.
She went into the kitchen and fetched the key of the garage.
She went to to the chemist to buy her medication
She went, the strange woman, without a tremor to her ordeal.
She will be here shortly.
She will find it waiting for her on her return.
She will kick, she will struggle.
She will not give to people the opportunity to find her generous.
She will not speak, it is plain.
She will not think me ill-bred, I hope?
She will not, I think, be for very long a burden.
She will recover from this shock.
She will see you in a totally new light.
She will still grow old.
She will succeed, my love!
She will tell of her own will.
She will walk there for some time to ease her aching head.
She will, will she?
She withdrew my double chin; I conceded her shark.
She won gold at the Olympics on the asymmetric bars
She worked at the county court for several years.
She would fail, miserably and shamefully fail.
She would have fallen, but she could not fall.
She would have had seances all day, but Celia pleaded that she was exhausted.
She would have had seances all day.
She would have to be a little more careful.
She would make spirits appear and speak!
She would not be likely to take a long drive that afternoon.
She would not believe.
She would not let him go.
She would think you were puffing.
She wrapped the presents beautifully.
She wrenched herself from his arms, she shrank violently away.
She wrote to me every day, without fail.
She'd make a good wife for the cashier.
She's a bright person, isn't she?
She's a fantastic knitter.
She's a professional film critic, and a very good one.
She's a slippery customer, no two ways about it.
She's alive and must be brought here straight!
She's always tried to be a domestic goddess.
She's as handy as it's possible to be.
She's broken-hearted about this rift, Tuppy.
She's focusing on her studies.
She's pining for him.
She's probably looking for you now.
She's really pushing her luck!
She's totally obsessed.
She's trying to encourage underrepresented groups to edit Wikipedia
Sheldon glanced at the thermometer.
Sherbet is sweet.
Sherry trifle is the tops!
She’ll get me executed, as sure as ferrets are ferrets!
She’ll wake up soon, don't worry
She’s making me feel really uncomfortable.
Shift down a gear.
Shirking won't do for me.
Shooting pains passed like flashes of electricity through his body.
Shorter mortgage terms cost more monthly but charge less interest.
Shortly after he left your room, sir.
Shorty turned to their employers.
Should I go to Richard's by myself?
Should I meet you there?
Should I sigh a bit when we meet, do you think?
Should I use Keras or Pytorch?
Should I use json or yaml in this case?
Should we be melancholy, boys?
Shout, then, and wake Waterbury.
Show 'em how you scratch.
Show me again on the action replay
Show me relevant results.
Show me the highlights of the match of the day.
Show off your inner groove.
Showing empathy is what makes us human.
Shush! I'm in the middle of a muffin emergency.
Shutting his eyes and rolling.
Sift the evidence.
Silence all round, if you please!
Silent Night.
Silicon Valley is a hub of tech talent.
Silly, of course, but there it is.
Simmons brought about an early closure..
Simmons, take your prize.
Simon loves musical theatre.
Simple, you observe, Jeeves.
Since father died, sir, I've gone out to work.
Since he has your orders to come, I will not interrupt you.
Since the car is gone, as you say, that is so.
Since the parcel has been delayed, can you expedite a replacement?
Since then some mysterious force has been fighting us at every step.
Since you last saw him, Gussie has been on a bender.
Single, my dear, to be sure!
Sinkholes are caused by an erosion of underground stone.
Sir Leicester doubts his hearing.
Sir Leicester has no objection to an interminable Chancery suit.
Sir Leicester is devoted to you almost to infatuation.
Sir Leicester is distinctly heard to gasp before speaking.
Sir Leicester is twenty years, full measure.
Sir Leicester wanted to know by whom, and what for.
Sir Leicester was very lofty indeed.
Sir Leicester's magnificence explodes.
Sir Leicester, I am quite aware of it.
Sir Leicester, these particulars have only lately become known to me.
Sir Walter is engaged, sir, and I have orders to admit no one.
Sir Walter’s face showed surprise and annoyance.
Sir, I did not think what power I was putting into her hands.
Sir, I do indeed.
Sit down, you dancing, prancing, shambling, scrambling parrot!
Sit on our staircase and read.
Sitting well back in the shadow I watched them carefully.
Sitting with her, I found —  which was very unusual indeed  —  a stranger.
Six of one, and half-a-dozen of the other.
Slice the aubergine.
Slow down on approach to the intersection.
Slow down to let people cross at the zebra crossing.
Slow down!
Slowly but surely.
Slowly that thorn let me go.
Small left us at a week's notice.
Small told me of the cat.
Smartphones are like an extension of the human brain.
Smartphones have proliferated and become the standard.
Smith, Roberts and Jones formed a band.
Snakes and ladders is a game of chance.
Snakes and ladders is a very popular board game
Snakes and scorpions are best avoided.
Sneak back to your room and barricade the door.
Snoop Dog popularized the phrase "For shizzle".
So Charley and I, without saying anything to anyone, went out.
So Hughie and I did the managing ourselves.
So I asked her — 'Was she not wearing them?'
So I make four pounds — in a lump — by the transaction!
So I promised I would ask you.
So I said, "Come in!"
So I shall not say good-bye, Richard.
So I take my precautions — never mind for the moment what they were.
So I was right, you see!
So I would be the next to go.
So a lot that he said slipped clean out of my memory.
So all of us can compete.
So cheer up, and give us your paw.
So did I too, for that matter.
So did his father, and his grandfather, and his great-grandfather!
So far I had been miraculously lucky.
So far as I could understand, they rarely presented themselves at all.
So far as flags were concerned, they were beyond all jurisdiction.
So far she spoke the truth; then she lied.
So far that's satisfactory, and it does you credit.
So far, he read in silence; then he broke out again.
So forget and forgive all round, George.
So have you, Bertie.
So he did return!
So he had got on in life, and here he was!
So he led the way and the others followed.
So he no longer troubles his head about it.
So he ought to.
So he received a telegram.
So he walked to the Throne Room and knocked at the door.
So he whistles it off and marches on.
So her jewels were, after all, never stolen?
So here’s a question for you.
So insurmountable, as you must well know, would be his objections.
So little did I know of the world!
So many ponies munching; very pretty!
So much depends upon this interview.
So much of her own happiness, hung upon its success.
So much the man of fashion!
So much the poorer you; so much the richer I!
So my informant told me.
So no more discussion, Jeeves.
So now I was able to reply with a manly, disarming frankness.
So now we come back to our pot of cold cream.
So now, although no word was spoken, she was aware of it.
So now, as I say, the talk rather hung fire.
So on and so forth.
So she called softly after it, ‘Mouse dear!’
So she got up, and held out her hand.
So she said, the irate skipper dashed on.
So she set to work, and very soon finished off the cake.
So she went in search of her hedgehog.
So that after all these two may get married.
So that was straightened out.
So the Sabbath was the reason for this strange decorum.
So the Wizard unfastened his head and emptied out the straw.
So the sooner you're off, the better.
So there is hope for the old ship yet.
So there it is.
So they collected as much as they could.
So they couldn’t get them out again.
So they got their tails fast in their mouths.
So they got thrown out to sea.
So they had to fall a long way.
So this calling follows the rest.
So to London we will go.
So unexpected was my charge that I knocked him off his feet.
So vivid was the feeling, instinctively they drew nearer together.
So was Packard's finish suicide.
So we could have some respite.
So we get on, we don't know how, but somehow.
So we have to fit the boat throughout with oil lamps as well.
So with the bearded bloke.
So you gave him notice?
So you have already made your mind up on that point!
So you kept him after all?
So you noticed that!
So you shall be my partner instead.
So you think he might be hard upon me, eh?
So you've won the Scripture-knowledge prize, have you?
So, all the valuables I have.
So, as I was saying.
So, how do you explain that?
So, what do you propose?
So, what now?
Soaked in seawater they offset the heat rays.
Soccer is called Football in England.
Soccer is known as Football in England.
Social media has taken over our lives.
Social media is useful, but scary.
Social media must automatically filter graphic content.
Society is shaken to its foundations.
Soda can be used to clean hardened stains in the bathroom.
Soda has a lot of sugar in it.
Soda is healthier without sugar.
Software development can be expensive.
Software frameworks exist to let developers focus on writing business logic.
Solar energy fueled the electric car.
Solar technology can be embedded in day to day furniture.
Some Car batteries require a top-up of deionized water.
Some amiable gardener sells them.
Some areas are still closed after the incident.
Some business models are dated and do not reflect the current generation.
Some cars have high rev engines.
Some cases are just too complex.
Some children are born with a heart murmur.
Some consider that army discipline is good for young people.
Some eat turkey for Thanksgiving, but I ate lasagna.
Some employers think it easiest just to hire and fire.
Some like to fabricate distinctions between a lady and a woman.
Some little friction, I gather, regarding Angela's shark.
Some long while afterwards the car slackened its speed.
Some magnetic current brought her grave messages of fear.
Some new technologies are disruptive and shake up the way an entire industry works.
Some of his periods were quite majestic!
Some of the smaller veins had doubtless been ruptured.
Some one had thrust a large sheath-knife into his hand.
Some one here who means harm!
Some one let the murderers in.
Some one ran along the border here on his toes.
Some one within the house was an accomplice — we start with that fact.
Some passersby fortunately caught him as he fell.
Some people are calling for a software developers' professional code of conduct.
Some people are only addicted to the feeling of being in love.
Some people are scared of intangible ideas until they are realized.
Some people come from a high-class, high-pay background.
Some people confuse the honeymoon period as being love.
Some people like to have vinegar with their chips
Some people think it more polite to say napkin rather than serviette
Some people use the word toilet, some prefer loo
Some places get snow in the winter and others don't.
Some plastics consist of composite materials.
Some pounds, and odd shillings, I think, were mentioned.
Some pride is left in me even yet.
Some sellers are seeing exponential growth after introducing new experiences.
Some smartwatches can detect atrial fibrillation.
Some sort of paste on toast.
Some things were lost in translation.
Some think it must be Carrots, some say the Brick.
Some towels were tumbled upon the floor beside the bath.
Some towns are decaying because residents have moved to the city.
Some windows and doors are opened, and people come out to look.
Somebody always does it for me.
Somebody had written up a list of number plates on the noticeboard
Somebody has to address the public policy issues - but not me.
Somebody must have shut it.
Somebody should say something
Somebody stole her from me at Cannes.
Somehow the place soothed me and put me at my ease.
Somehow there are large clumps of plastic in the Arctic.
Someone must have been searching for something — perhaps for the pocket-book.
Someone stole the crown!
Someone switched on the light.
Something about it seemed to fascinate him, to challenge his presence.
Something dropped on me, catching the point of my left shoulder.
Something gleamed darkly in his hand; it was the barrel of his revolver.
Something hard in the detective's pocket knocked against his companion.
Something is left to be understood.
Something of his former attitude seemed to return to him.
Something old, something new, something borrowed, something blue.
Something on those lines.
Something that Whittemore had not yet said thrilled him.
Something told me he was a dancer.
Something vastly more thrilling had come into it now.
Sometimes I watch Netflix, and sometimes Virgin Media.
Sometimes cold callers use a fake caller id number. Be wary.
Sometimes he would lay down the paper and turn his glasses on the sea.
Sometimes her dreams were filled with visions.
Sometimes the best way to help someone is just listening to them.
Sometimes the past is not the best indicator of the future.
Sometimes there isn't any milk, and sometimes the cat drinks it.
Sometimes trade-offs are made when projects are rushed.
Somewhere behind me I felt fresh air.
Soon many of you will be walking along Broadway.
Soon shall it be thrust back from off prostrate humanity.
Soon the folk in the picture-shop knew her, and knew about Paul.
Sophia seemed distressed, did something terrible happen?
Sophie has decided to move on to pastures new.
Sophie will be moving for greener pastures.
Sorbet is a type of water ice
Sorrier than I can say.
Sorry I cannot recall exactly where I put it.
Sorry mum, it turns out you were right after all.
Sorry we're not the decision makers.
Sorry you were troubled.
Sorry, I can't see. I've lost my glasses
Sorry, I don't know my way around campus yet.
Sorry, I missed that.
Sorry, I really didn't mean it.
Sorry, are you reading that brochure?
Sorry, but we need your original birth certificate, not a copy.
Sorry, my calendar is full until late next week.
Sorry, that book is no longer in circulation.
Sort by highest price last.
Sort by lowest price first.
Sort by product description.
Sort the page in ascending order.
Sort the page in descending order.
Sound waves aren't able to propagate through a vacuum.
Sounds of more broken glass.
Soundscape allows the blind to see using only sound.
Soup of the evening, beautiful soup!
Sow the seeds firmly in the ground.
Space ships need a scrubber system to filter carbon dioxide.
Spammers send out indiscriminate emails.
Speak the truth, please!
Speak your truth quietly and clearly
Speaking for myself, I intend to return to bed.
Spectators were abound at the tournament.
Speculators say artificial intelligence is the next big thing.
Speech recognition systems need to work for people with speech impediments.
Speechless, he handed the telegram over.
Speeding increases the risk of car accidents.
Spell-bound, I take it.
Spicy baked feta.
Spicy food would exacerbate my condition.
Spicy prawn and garlic pasta.
Spirited piece of work, that!
Spoken like the best of women!
Spot of pie?
Spread the word about tech for good goals.
Spring onions are very tasty in a salad
Stand and deliver, the highwayman said.
Stand forth, Jo, in uncompromising colours!
Stand off butcher and baker and all the rest.
Stars God's daisy chain.
Stars are the light from distant suns.
Start off with the glimmering landscape.
Start with the low hanging fruit and you'll be encouraged more.
Startling facts would come to light elicited by his deft questions.
Stay and listen; please don't go
Steel is easily recyclable.
Steel is inherently heavy.
Steel is widely recycled.
Stephen caught a huge pike yesterday
Stephen unraveled the bandage carefully.
Steve grossly underestimated the magnitude of the problem.
Stick the stamp on the envelope.
Still I managed to pull myself together.
Still I think it charming.
Still eating plenty of fish?
Still it is difficult quite to forget one's profession.
Still looking up at the window.
Still no one noticed her.
Still no sign of anything on the road.
Still nothing appeared on that long white road.
Still the car would have to stop there.
Still the woman follows, crying, "Stop him, please stop him!"
Still, I must confess he is not without faults, love.
Still, I will own it, you caught me napping yesterday.
Still, here I am.
Still, it's not right, you know; is it?
Still, something could be done, I suppose, if it were absolutely necessary.
Still, there it is.
Still, there it was.
Stop acting like such special snowflakes.
Stop fooling, damn you!
Stop harassing me!
Stop pestering me!
Storms are predicted across the Pacific Ocean.
Straight out they swam, their heads growing smaller and smaller.
Strike home, sir, strike home!
Strong enough to be told a secret, I think?
Students specialise in rote memorisation techniques.
Students were messing around in class and dropped a beaker on the floor.
Subjectively speaking, cheese is horrible.
Submerge the clothes in the diluted solution for ten minutes.
Substance abuse harms lives.
Such a dog the wise driver kills, or turns loose.
Such a soft sweet voice it had!
Such an act was in direct violation of the laws of the land.
Such an inflexible little woman, too, through all!
Such is my passage engaged on the steamer.
Such is my reward and doom.
Such men believe, when they come together.
Such restraints are usual in the experiments of which I have read.
Such tears in her eyes, and such love in her face.
Such things had occurred before, he told Philip.
Such things in her brain were like so many oaths on her lips.
Such very superior dancing is not often seen.
Suddenly Jeanne stopped for an instant.
Suddenly Mr. Ricardo started in his chair.
Suddenly Uncle Henry stood up.
Suddenly a spasm shoots across her face and she turns deadly pale.
Suddenly he frowned.
Suddenly he leaned out of the window.
Suddenly he stretched out a forefinger.
Suddenly his fingers closed tightly over the handkerchief.
Suddenly my prisoner broke from me and flung himself on the wall.
Suddenly she brightened up.
Suddenly the prayers ceased.
Suddenly we may find our skills are obsolete.
Suddenly, the lighthouse went dark.
Suffering depression does not mean a person is psychotic.
Summer solstice is typically June twenty-first, but sometimes it's earlier or later.
Summer vacation is the best time of the year!
Summon me anywhere, and I will come.
Supermarket chains have greater buying power and can arrange deals with suppliers.
Supported by his arm she stumbled down the stairs to the garden.
Suppose I barge into something.
Suppose I say to a man, "how much?"
Suppose that Celia were one of the victims?
Suppose that's where he's lurking?
Suppose they make faces at me.
Suppose you saw me at work through the window.
Supposing we take a little rest here.
Sure, I'll drop you off at the central station.
Sure, just grab whatever you need.
Surely I will excuse you, she cried.
Surely everyone keeps a pet mouse in their pocket?
Surely it isn't true?
Surely no wild beast could wish a pleasanter home.
Surely nobody keeps a vehicle in their garage?
Surgery for frozen shoulder is not particularly effective.
Surprisingly, pink is not one of the colours of the rainbow.
Susan repeatedly denied surprising him.
Suspicion and misunderstanding were the fault of the suit?
Suspicion, eager and sharp, looks out.
Sweet-and-sour chicken.
Swiftly his eyes measured the situation.
Swiss citizens can very often speak French and German.
Switch on the bath.
Synthetic Intelligence.
System on chip architectures has improved.
Ta very much.
Tack this picture to the wall.
Taekwondo is a form of martial arts.
Take a deep breath and try again.
Take a little care of Pa while I am gone, Mama!
Take any big Teutonic business concern.
Take away their foreman and they wouldn't be worth their grub.
Take care I hear no noise.
Take care you do no harm by this.
Take it away, my dear.
Take kindly the counsel of the years
Take me as I am, and make the best of me.
Take me as I am.
Take my advice and accept the vacation.
Take notes; this is important.
Take the full course of your medication.
Take the one on the left and close it behind you.
Take the road to the South and you will soon reach it.
Take your choice!
Taken with another fit of cowardice, I cried out for Joseph.
Talk about the day I met her.
Talk about the sunset.
Tap to exit.
Teachers are a source of wisdom for the next generation.
Tease him — laugh at him.
Tech companies need to build systems that are ethically beneficial to all.
Tech companies will all require an ethical policy in the future.
Technology begets even faster more efficient technology.
Technology can augment the physical capabilities of humans.
Technology can enable disabled people to become physically capable and independent.
Technology companies will need to take a responsible approach.
Technology designed for the disabled is also useful to the elderly.
Technology is advancing so rapidly, it's hard to keep up.
Technology plays a vital role in reaching people following natural disasters.
Teenagers like to gossip.
Telekinesis is a fictional type of brain to brain communication.
Telematics is a technique for tracking the activity and performance of a car.
Tell her how it was.
Tell him my opinion of it.
Tell him to Sod Off!
Tell him what it is.
Tell me frankly, Jeeves, are you in pretty good shape mentally?
Tell me more.
Tell me that you are better today.
Tell me the composition of this material.
Tell me, did you turn to Humpty Dumpty?
Tell me, what is this?
Tell others what you think about your purchase, leave a review.
Tell us this idea of yours, Jeeves.
Tell us — where did you hide them?
Telling a fellow he was getting a double chin!
Temporarily be blowed.
Ten minutes had not elapsed since he had dropped the handkerchief.
Ten minutes later the innkeeper slipped into the room, his eyes bright with excitement.
Ten percent remaining before fuel depletion.
Tensorflow runs faster with a graphics card.
Terrified cats scamper across the road.
Text to Speech.
Text to speech can be used to narrate websites.
Text to speech for interfaces and in real-world scenarios.
Text to speech systems sounds less robotic than they used to.
Thai food has a lovely coconut aroma and flavour.
Thank God it was a black night.
Thank goodness that polio has been eradicated.
Thank goodness you've come, Bertie.
Thank you for waiting.
Thank you for your order!.
Thank you over and over again, father!
Thank you so much for the meal, I'm bursting!.
Thank you very much, sir.
Thank you, and God bless you, in her name!
Thank you, madam.
Thank you. Will definitely investigate.
Thankfully the autonomous car detected the obstruction and avoided a collision.
Thanks so much for the kind pressie.
That I can tell you.
That I cannot tell you.
That I should have to sleep here tonight!
That Longfellow chap most likely had written countless books of poetry.
That accounts for it,’ said the Hatter.
That accounts for your pitching your voice so high.
That ain't like being worn out.
That all sounds a bit of a kerfuffle.
That also we can safely assume.
That animal is a Zebra.
That answer was incorrect.
That boat has sailed, my friend.
That bump looks swollen. It's probably been swelling all night.
That came before my A B C's.
That cannot do.
That cat is constantly shedding hairs.
That chap must have been a superb actor.
That chocolate tiffin was the best!
That cold, pure profile.
That completed the weather and news bulletin for the French Riviera.
That damned prize-giving!
That didn't occur to me until after the war.
That doesn't sound true. I bet he's fibbing.
That explains why I couldn't make him understand.
That grandfather of his is too keen by half.
That had no doubt been taken by his murderer.
That he well deserved one - yes.
That he would ever have one - no.
That his generosity rose above my disfigurement and my inheritance of shame.
That image is shattered, and that idol is laid low.
That includes you, Robert.
That is a euphemism.
That is a massive tower!.
That is a more alarming person than the clerk.
That is a pity, monsieur.
That is a quote from a famous parable.
That is a truly shocking account.
That is all his business.
That is also a fact, not a conjecture.
That is always an advantage.
That is certainly what I endeavour to do.
That is just the mistake.
That is not my forte.
That is only one thing we have learnt.
That is scarcely fair, sir, scarcely fair!
That is the manly policy.
That is the only good that has ever come of it.
That is the strange part of it.
That is to say, some time after midnight.
That is ugly enough in itself.
That is what I mean when I say I have a conscience.
That is what I wish.
That is what distinguishes all of us from the lower animals.
That is what will happen to me this afternoon, Bertie.
That is what you have to remember.
That is why I am, am rattled, he laughed.
That is your glove; you told me so yesterday.
That is, of course, unavoidable, being in Chancery.
That just shows the condition this thing has reduced me to.
That kind of one-upmanship will ruin their friendship.
That little man was clean grit all through, without a soft spot in him.
That looks like fake garden grass.
That made me do some savage thinking.
That marmoset that isn't mine; it's theirs!
That may very well be.
That melody really tugs at the heartstrings, doesn't it?
That might be an option, but I doubt it.
That mince pie was really tasty.
That must be the reason you were so untidy in my dream
That must have been quite a shock.
That old chestnut.
That picture's askew, you know.
That really doesn't seem appropriate.
That really takes the biscuit
That retaining wall doesn’t look very secure
That roller coaster ride was truly breathtaking.
That room had been dark an hour before.
That room was even worse.
That secluded sister is my first remembrance.
That seemed as good a direction to take as any other.
That seemed to Celia almost the cruellest part of the whole tragedy.
That seems to be an effective payment plan
That song is the bee’s knees.
That sounds like a fraudulent pyramid scheme.
That the discovery of my birth gave him no shock.
That visit not succeeding either, you will go again perhaps?
That wants a pretty steady heart.
That was a bold stroke, my friend.
That was a rough ride.
That was a wonderful performance! Bravo!.
That was about all I wanted.
That was all I thought about.
That was all she thought about, yes.
That was an excellent, interesting and important talk.
That was an hour ago!
That was hardly a generous response.
That was impressive, well done!.
That was my first thought.
That was my only chance.
That was my telephone message.
That was never the case with her.
That was not a nice thing to say
That was not my intention.
That was not vulgar abuse.
That was nothing — oh, but nothing at all.
That was one of the hardest jobs I ever took on.
That was the Portland Place murder.
That was the day after Agatha’s wedding.
That was the first false step taken by Helene.
That was the first thing that surprised me.
That was the grease Helene had touched.
That was the idea, and a pretty good one too.
That was the money I lost at baccarat.
That was the way I had to look at it.
That was when she saw me.
That wasn't in the script.
That wasn't so hard, was it?
That wasn’t difficult, for I’m no slouch at disguises.
That watch belonged to my grandfather.
That we shall see.
That will be a queer thing, to be sure!
That will be one thousand yen please.
That will be ten dollars and thirty-eight cents please.
That will protect the upstairs rooms from water damage.
That will require congressional approval.
That won’t help you.
That would be very foolish.
That would have been a change indeed.
That would lead to developments.
That you shall know in good time.
That'll do, my good friend!
That's Game Set and Match to Murray
That's Thorpe's, said the young engineer.
That's a bit of a conundrum!
That's a classic medieval conundrum.
That's a common reaction.
That's a compelling point.
That's a crazy coincidence!
That's a fascinating story, tell me more!.
That's a novel idea.
That's a rather specialised item, are you certain it's what your wife would enjoy?
That's a trivial problem.
That's a very cosy living room
That's admirable
That's all I ask you to do.
That's all I have to say to you!
That's an absolute bargain mate.
That's boring, babe, and you're never boring!
That's exactly what I've been thinking myself.
That's hardly necessary.
That's how I come to know what they're up to.
That's just pure drivel!
That's more like it.
That's my dad standing next to his Ford Capri.
That's natural.
That's neither here nor there.
That's no way to speak to your wife.
That's not a flying saucer, its a kids drone.
That's not a hamster, it's a gerbil.
That's not my role here.
That's not new, it's an established convention in the industry.
That's not on our agenda for this meeting.
That's not too dusty.
That's number three.
That's one of the more alarmist sci-fi forecasts.
That's our share, do you see?
That's perfectly in keeping with the period
That's point number one.
That's point number two.
That's quite another thing!
That's reason number one.
That's remarkable!
That's ridiculous, we're just filming a commercial.
That's sound mate.
That's the Dead March from 'Saul'.
That's the arrangement, isn't it, Tony?
That's the crowning point of unreason in the business!
That's the largest stretch of fan vaulting in the country.
That's the name.
That's the power of love.
That's the sound of a plane breaking the speed of sound.
That's the spirit!.
That's the sub-foreman, explained Thorpe.
That's the way I've got the ill name of Chancery.
That's too hot! Use an oven glove!
That's very pleasant, you know!
That's what Carnegie did.
That's what I say: What about it?
That's what he and I agreed.
That's what is wrong.
That's what it is.
That's what she said!
That's where they cut off the Scottish Chiefs and killed all hands.
That's where your temper got the better of you.
That's why its boundaries are all gouged and jagged.
That, I tell you, is our chance.
That, I was pretty clear, was his intention.
That, however, was soon arranged.
That’s a good long way.
That’s all right.
That’s an apocalyptic scenario.
That’s an even greater mistake.
That’s awesome, he said wonderingly.
That’s done.
That’s interesting, I’m actually an animal rights campaigner.
That’s just gobbledegook! Please rephrase it in plain English
That’s just what I complain of!
That’s really not obvious
That’s the end of my move.
That’s the proper style.
That’s what the name is called.
That’s what you call a History of England, that is.
The "us versus them" attitude is not healthy.
The African project at present employs my whole time.
The Amazon River is the longest in the world.
The Anglo-Saxon language is commonly known as Old English.
The Arctic is cold.
The Battle Hymn of the Republic.
The Bedouin secured his caravan and continued on his journey.
The Beta version will be released soon.
The Black Stone didn’t need to bolt.
The Brinkley Court back-door key.
The British speed limit on a dual carriageway is seventy miles an hour
The Buddha was a teacher, not a god.
The Burj Khalifa building in Dubai looks amazing.
The Cardiology department is on the ground floor.
The Cat only grinned when it saw Alice.
The Caterpillar was the first to speak.
The Cathedral has a lovely interior.
The Celts were expert metalworkers, in gold, silver and bronze.
The Chancellor said with a slight smile.
The Chancellor, being aware of him, has dextrously vanished.
The Choir rehearsed for weeks.
The Churchill narrowed and its current became swifter as they progressed.
The Claudine was leaving next morning for Honolulu.
The Commissaire called the chauffeur forward.
The Commissaire cut her short with a cry of satisfaction.
The Commissaire exclaimed, admiringly, "But here is an idea!"
The Commissaire moved with impatience.
The Commissaire of Police bent over Hanaud's shoulder.
The Committee on Committees is a real thing.
The Crocodile crawled into its swamp.
The Daily Telegraph is a right-wing British newspaper.
The Defence Spending Review has revealed a multi-million pound shortfall.
The Defibrillator revived the patient who had suffered cardiac arrest.
The Director was decisive and accurate.
The Doctor stooped and picked it up.
The Dormouse slowly opened his eyes.
The Dow Jones was down this period by three percent.
The Duchess took her choice, and was gone in a moment.
The Duchess, the Duchess!
The Duodenum is part of the small intestine.
The Easter Bunny doesn’t really exist.
The Editor commissioned a report on the effectiveness of mosquito repellent in the tropics.
The Eldorado emptied its occupants into the street to see the test.
The English solicitor spoke to his Scottish advocate colleague
The European Union is a highly successful geopolitical entity.
The Exorcist movie was too scary back in its day.
The Fibonacci sequence is surprisingly common in nature.
The Fire People, like ourselves, lived in caves.
The Fire-Men wore animal skins around their waists and across their shoulders.
The First Annual Dodgeball Tournament is about to begin.
The First Lord is ill, and has gone to Sheringham.
The Flat Earth Society has members around the globe.
The G-force pushed him back against the seat.
The Gabriel voice of the Samurai rang out.
The Gala was fun.
The Haber Process is an industrial process for producing ammonia
The Hallelujah Chorus from Handel's Messiah.
The Hatter shook his head mournfully.
The Hatter was the first to break the silence.
The Head shot forward and struck the Scarecrow.
The Heimlich manoeuvre is a lifesaving first aid technique.
The Higgs particle has been nicknamed the God particle.
The High Court takes appeals from the County Courts.
The Holly and the Ivy.
The Home Secretary is brazenly refusing to answer any questions
The Indian even poked his stick into the thick ground spruce.
The Indian felt the worship of her warm in his heart.
The Island of Sheep is a book by the Scottish author John Buchan
The Italian rancho was a bachelor establishment.
The Japanese understood as we could never school ourselves or hope to understand.
The Java programming language makes use of parentheses characters.
The King broadcast to the nation.
The King turned pale, and shut his note-book hastily.
The Knave shook his head sadly.
The Knight looked surprised at the question.
The Knight looked very much surprised, and a little offended at the remark.
The Knight shook his head.
The Lady is at present represented, near Sir Leicester, by her portrait.
The Law of Club and Fang
The Library is not only used for reading books.
The Lion hesitated no longer, but drank till the dish was empty.
The Lion looked at Alice wearily.
The Lion thought for a moment.
The Lord is my Shepherd.
The Mall is nearby.
The Manchester conference will have a keynote speech about analogue photography.
The Martian was strange-looking: small and squat with gigantic feet.
The Messiah is Handel's most popular choral work
The Mexican explained what he meant.
The Military will adhere to international laws and standards.
The Minister has reached new heights of incompetence.
The Mock Turtle went on.
The Mouse only growled in reply.
The Navy has committed all their frigates to the operation.
The Nurburgring is one of the most popular and hardest tracks to race on.
The Oligarchy wanted violence, and it set its agents provocateurs to work.
The Oligarchy will encourage such ambition and the consequent competition.
The Oncologist outlined a treatment plan for the cancer patient.
The P in pneumonia is silent, corrected David, groaning.
The Portuguese boy crawled nearer and nearer.
The Portuguese boy passed the Hawaiian.
The President of the United States was his friend.
The President would like to speak with you.
The Prime Minister appeared on television this evening.
The Prime Minister is unlikely to win the next election
The Prophet Muhammad gave the analogy "Trust in God, but tie your camel.".
The Prophet Muhammad said, "The best charity is giving water to drink".
The Queen gasped and shut her eyes.
The Queen will hear you.
The Queen!’ and the three gardeners instantly threw themselves flat upon their faces.
The Quinoa was carefully prepared.
The Raleigh car reached the apex of the hill.
The Realtor will arrive soon.
The Red List is a framework for monitoring ecosystems.
The Red Queen believed six impossible things before breakfast
The Resident Commissioner is away in Australia.
The Russian music player, the Count, was her obedient slave.
The Satellite is aligned in geosynchronous orbit.
The Scarecrow sat on the big throne.
The Sonographer performed the Sonography examination.
The Sphere Project outlines the minimum standards of humanitarian work.
The Sun, Mirror and Daily Mail are British tabloids.
The Supply chain needs experienced developers.
The Surveyor must just report me.
The Tale of Two Cities is on the landing.
The Transport Department issued an advisory to expect severe weather conditions.
The Tumour metastases were identified months after diagnosis of the primary tumour.
The Tv presenter offered his commiserations to the losing party.
The United Kingdom consists of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
The University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge are both collegiate institutions
The Warden with a quart of champagne.
The White Queen laughed with delight, and stroked Alice’s cheek.
The White Rabbit put on his spectacles.
The Witch of the South.
The absence of the car helped me to make it.
The academic syllabus of secondary schools is in need of modernization.
The accident damaged the car beyond repair, and it was a write-off
The account ledger has been sent out.
The accounts have discrepancies.
The accounts were up to date.
The accumulative effects of pollution have altered our ecosystem.
The accused had a strong refutation to the allegations.
The action man knew very well how to abseil down the building
The action was significant enough.
The actor rose to international acclaim.
The actors attended the award show in London's excel centre.
The actors spent months submerged in freezing cold water.
The adaptation to a paperless office can benefit the environment.
The added weight had a velocity of fifteen miles per hour.
The admin team is approving your claim and will be in touch.
The administration has a reputation for burying bad news stories.
The adoption of Smartphones far outpaced the adoption of the internet.
The adulation of the multitude means very little to one.
The advantage of prepay systems is you can keep a tab of your expenses.
The advantages of eating healthily are too many to list.
The advent of electricity has transformed the way humanity lives.
The advocate acted both for the prosecution and the defence.
The aeroplane was late.
The affected car owners are asked to get in touch with a local dealership.
The aim of the whole conspiracy was to get Russia and Germany at loggerheads.
The air about her seemed to tingle with strange menaces.
The air force suffered horrific casualties.
The air in the hut was close and oppressive.
The air was bright and dewy and the sky without a cloud.
The algorithm ate my homework.
The alien was a rather fetching aquamarine colour.
The alleged perpetrator refuted the claims as false.
The alpha version has been released, the beta version is expected next year.
The ambulance is on its way.
The amortization report runs daily.
The amount of rain has decreased this year.
The anaesthetist needs to apply a general anaesthetic before surgery.
The analyst dissected the report and found some mistakes in the presented viewpoints.
The analyst spent hours writing up a report of her findings.
The ancient vanity was loud in his bosom.
The animal is a herbivore.
The anniversary was unnecessarily quixotic.
The anti-inflammatory medication exacerbated my condition.
The application will be rated for conformity on submission.
The apprentices giggle, and nudge each other.
The apprentices were the queerest people.
The apron string loomed near and he shied like an unbroken colt.
The arbitration process works.
The architect provided the blueprints for the new development.
The architect said the house does not conform to building regulations.
The area was devastated during the war.
The argument silenced Celia.
The argument was measured and forensic throughout.
The arm was severed during the accident and was surgically reattached.
The artery is healthy but the patient's blood pressure is low.
The artery shows narrowing.
The article added fuel for debate.
The article put emphasis on a healthy work-life balance.
The article was grammatically correct, but it had no substance.
The articulated lorry jackknifed in the middle of the road
The artificial intelligence codebase was a byzantine mess of if statements.
The artist illustrated a beautiful portrait of an eagle.
The artwork is a derivative of the source material you provided me yesterday.
The ascent of Everest was his life's ambition
The assailant was caught.
The astonished fashionable intelligence hardly knows where to have her.
The astronauts went out for a little spacewalk.
The atmosphere is otherwise stale and close.
The audience seemed to agree with him.
The author had a knack for writing in a concise language.
The author is a blogger and social media phenomenon.
The author is a futurist.
The author is known for using flowery language.
The author writes under a pseudonym.
The automatic dishwasher didn't clean the dishes very well on this occasion.
The automotive industry is investing heavily in autonomous vehicles.
The average person may not have a college education.
The average person won't know the difference.
The award should go to the one who has tried hardest.
The awe of man rushed over him again.
The axle was destroyed in the collision.
The baby fell asleep when the bouncer was rocked.
The baby felt a breeze of wind and awoke.
The baby has done poop.
The baby spoiled the crib sheet.
The baby was constipated and was uncomfortable.
The baby was put to sleep every night in her cot
The baby wriggled and looked like it needed to burp.
The back door stood open, and a grave butler was awaiting me.
The back of a book has a blurb section.
The bacterium was isolated from household waste.
The bailiff was aggressive toward the debtor.
The balance is zero.
The balloon rose into the air without her.
The ballot will be held on Thursday at the local school.
The bandit made a swift getaway.
The bank teller patiently counted the copper coins.
The bank was winning heavily.
The bar is closed this evening.
The bartender had never worked in a bar before
The base word money should never be breathed near it!
The battery is low, please attach the charger promptly.
The battery ran out.
The be-my-eyes app allows the volunteers to assist the blind from anywhere.
The bearded bloke passed a hand across his forehead.
The bearded bloke was visibly discomposed.
The beating of my heart came back again.
The beds in this hotel are stiff and uncomfortable.
The belt buckle was obnoxiously big.
The best deals are equitable for all parties.
The best drink for people is pure water.
The best way to get something done is by starting with the smallest thing.
The best way to integrate new ideas into existing processes is one-by-one.
The best way to save is to live without our means.
The best workers know how to be competitive and friendly at the same time.
The big chalk headland in Kent, close to Bradgate.
The big-eyed, clucking moose-birds were most annoying.
The biggest obstacle to space travel is cost.
The bill remained unpaid so was referred to the high court.
The bird emitted an ear-piercing screech.
The bird had stubby wings and a long bill.
The bird scooped up the worm and fed the hatchlings.
The birds began to stir and chirp.
The birds flew majestically through the sky.
The birds here will mistake her for it.
The black fabric had faded to a deep purple colour.
The blunderbuss is loaded with slugs.
The board decided to liaise with the staff rather than imposing their will.
The board meeting is next Wednesday.
The board of directors announced an expansion plan.
The boat had sailed on that idea.
The boat nearly held together, but then it sank.
The bonnet crumpled during the crash.
The book had a captivating storyline.
The book has been indexed The British Library.
The book is a critical first hand account of the criminal justice system.
The books were mouldering.
The borders of the website are too thin.
The botched product launch led the company to financial ruin.
The bottom floor is flooded.
The boy answered me back, and was very cheeky
The boy at the wheel lost his head.
The boy grew and prospered.
The boy hesitated, then mastered his temper.
The boy hoped that his mum would be able to help
The boy is the father of the man.
The boy makes it one.
The boy skimmed a pebble across the pond.
The boy threw back his head with pride.
The boy was exact regarding colours, and everything.
The boy's voice sounded louder in the street below.
The boy, O'Brien, was specially maltreated.
The bracelet costs ten pounds fifty-two
The brake callipers had seized and needed to be replaced.
The brake pads and brake disc are designed to slow down your car.
The branches bent down and twined around him.
The breadth and depth of this document are applaudable.
The breath was struck out of her body.
The bright red flowers multiplied and covered the south bank.
The builders are altering the layout of the walls.
The building has inadequate insulation and loses heat.
The building was largely built of breezeblocks
The building was unsafe to enter.
The bulk of the story is told in flashback.
The bungalow looked mean, neglected, and in need of work.
The bureaucracy within the company was hindering its progress.
The burglars made bold attempts to break in during daylight hours.
The burning smell of tires is noisome.
The business is an incorporated company.
The business of the day requires a great deal of thought.
The butchers and meat cutters refused to handle meat destined for unfair restaurants.
The butler made no bones about admitting this new visitor.
The butler presumably took the back-door key with him.
The butler was coming up by train with the luggage.
The buyers showed no interest.
The buyers were put off by the oddly shaped rooms.
The cab had just come out into the road.
The cab turned and went down the drive.
The cab was moving at a walk.
The cake is not suitable for vegetarians.
The camaraderie among the team was encouraging.
The can was made out of aluminium.
The candidate had lied repeatedly in order to get elected
The candy grab bag had all sorts of chocolates.
The capitalists would rake in the cash, and make fortunes by buying up wreckage.
The captain docked the boat at the harbour.
The car accidentally followed the bus into the bus lane.
The car appeared at the corner and slackened speed.
The car dashed through Annecy.
The car drifted to the finish line.
The car drove smooth and quiet.
The car engine stalled and ground to a halt.
The car headlights were reflected in the puddle.
The car hesitates to start and sputters on ignition.
The car muffler was loud.
The car park surface was covered in gravel and noisy to walk on.
The car sped on.
The car sped through the streets of Geneva.
The car tires burst and the car came to an abrupt stop.
The car was bought on finance.
The car was engineered to drive on uneven terrain.
The car was found abandoned two miles away from the bank.
The car was made of lightweight Carbon Fibre.
The car was parked.
The car was resembling the previous model.
The car was semi-autonomous.
The car was taken into the garage for a Wheel Alignment.
The carburettor is too dirty.
The cards were stacked against her.
The careers adviser recommended an apprenticeship.
The carjacker ran away when he saw the dog baring its teeth.
The carnival is in town.
The carpet fitter laid the carpet, but forgot the underlay
The carriage and the horse were hired from Geneva.
The car’s silencer was broken, and it was making an awful noise
The cassette player is broken.
The cat Sarita pounced on her owner's lap.
The cat began to chase the mouse.
The cat burglar tried to burgle the bookshop on the local High Street
The cat harassed the pygmy vole.
The cathedral had Gothic architecture.
The ceiling was painted satin white.
The celebration of a birthday in the family.
The celebrities picked a cause to advocate.
The cell is like an algorithm that replicates until it is instructed to stop.
The census is only recorded every ten years in the United States.
The central area of a hurricane is called the eye
The ceramics store had delicately made vases.
The ceremony was grandiloquent.
The chair incorporated designs from the Ming dynasty.
The chairman committed to investing millions into the football club.
The championship will be ours!
The chandelier was grand and befitting of the royal house.
The chap with the nose?
The charity is an ecocentric organisation that works to educate the public.
The charity needs a governance review urgently
The charwoman had been sent home.
The chatbot seemed robotic and couldn't answer the questions.
The cheapest method of digging a trench is called cut and cover.
The cheers that greeted this were the loudest yet.
The cheese omelette was burned badly.
The chef has withdrawn his notice.
The chemistry laboratory was next to the biology lab
The cheque bounced.
The cheque has been rejected.
The chessmen were walking about, two and two!
The child threw the dolly out of the window.
The child was given a dummy to keep him quiet
The child was not very agile, and kept falling over
The children bought toffee apples to eat at the funfair
The children loved playing in the paddling pool during the summer holidays
The children tried to build a den in the woods
The children were never satisfied.
The children’s voices melded beautifully in song.
The chip set has a level of sophistication that few are able to understand.
The choreographer wasn't happy with the result.
The churches are coming together to provide disaster relief.
The cigarette fell from my fingers.
The circus is in town!.
The city was founded three centuries ago.
The claimant on file is...
The classteacher disciplined Charlie for pinching.
The clerk eyed him strangely.
The clever girl left breadcrumb trails so we could find her.
The cleverest one deserves the prize.
The clinician will be with you shortly.
The clock at Euston Station showed five minutes past the hour.
The clock is ticking.
The clock on the mantelpiece struck ten o’clock.
The clothes are drying in the conservatory.
The clothes were torn.
The coachman ran back into the house.
The coast guard rescued passengers of a sinking vessel.
The coastline is eroding at an accelerating rate.
The code compiled in just under an hour.
The coffee shop sells cappuccino, flat white, and standard white coffee with milk
The collaboration between two leading Universities yielded significant results.
The college enrollment was two weeks ago.
The college was established in eighteen fifty seven.
The colours of the rainbow are red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet.
The common law is a creature of the judges, not of statute.
The common voice corpus will host the largest collection of open voice content.
The companies signed a non-disclosure agreement.
The company avoided Litigation.
The company had an office on the town's trading estate
The company had over one million dollars tied up in assets.
The company has a small hierarchy.
The company has been profitable for the first quarter.
The company has gone bust.
The company is a conglomeration that has absorbed small startups into its fold.
The company is reportedly being bought out next week.
The company lacked investment and gradually fell into irrelevance.
The company offered voluntary redundancy to staff during the downturn.
The company saved millions on its corporation tax bill.
The company should have been more candid years ago.
The company tanked and went under.
The company utilizes a just in time manufacturing process.
The company was flush with cash after hitting it big on the global market.
The company was trumpeting the successes of its new flagship product.
The company will not be dressing tonight.
The compass showed me the way back home.
The competitors were way ahead of the curve and it was hard keeping up.
The compound interest is ten cents.
The compounding interest fees make borrowing expensive.
The compression algorithm will reduce the file capacity by thirty percent.
The computer thinks for a moment and returns a robotic answer.
The computer threw spurious errors.
The conceptual idea was good.
The configuration of the wires was messy and difficult to understand.
The conflict uprooted many people.
The connection has been established.
The consensus is electricity has changed the world for the best.
The constable worked at the local constabulary.
The construction agency prepared a plot of land for development.
The consultancy business sent out a consultant.
The consumption trends show it peaks during the Christmas phase.
The container is full to the brim.
The contestant sustained an injury and will not be playing today.
The contract is effective from July twenty twenty.
The contract is pending final checks.
The controller is bundled with the television.
The convergence of gadgets into our phone means we don't need to carry much.
The conversation completely went over my head.
The conversation was fruitful.
The conversion was abruptly changed to another topic.
The convict was locked in a Prison.
The cooked meat was tender to the touch.
The cork popped out.
The correct pronunciation is.
The cosmos is vast.
The cost of Medical equipment is unfordable to developing countries.
The costs are considerably higher when you buy an item on credit.
The council gritted the roads today, so it will probably be Icy tomorrow.
The counterfeiter was caught at the corner of River Road and Thirtieth Street.
The country is nearer to the equator so gets more heat.
The couple adopted a baby and loved it as their own.
The couple had a row last night.
The couple were having fertility problems and sought assistance from doctors.
The couriers left a card because no one was at home.
The court ordered me to pay a hundred thousand dollars in damages.
The court ordered the vandal paint over the graffiti.
The court was in a crumbling, decaying building.
The cow was milked.
The crash caused a severe haemorrhage.
The crashed meteor left a gigantic crater on the ground.
The crates toppled over and came crashing down.
The creation of the internet has dropped the cost of communication drastically.
The creative commons licensing system makes sharing intellectual property easy to follow.
The creative joy, I murmured.
The cricket club’s groundsman is called Bob
The critics rated this book favourably.
The crops have flourished this year.
The croupier cried, all in a breath - and repeated the words.
The cruise ship fell into a large Maelstrom.
The crunch of potato-chips was making his co-workers irate.
The cumulative emissions of cars are not good for air quality.
The curator thought diligently about his collection.
The curtains opened, and Helene slipped to the girl's side.
The cushion absorbed all of the spilt drink.
The customer is always right, or so it is said
The cutlery had been spread neatly on the table.
The dad imparted wisdom to his son.
The dam now burst.
The dancer made simultaneous movements.
The dashboard shows a summary of all your expenditure.
The data is flawed.
The data reflect these biases.
The dataset was too huge to be loaded on memory.
The date was nearly eighteen years old.
The days of free school milk are long gone.
The deadline has been extended by two weeks.
The deadline is tomorrow week
The dearest friend I have!
The decent thing to do is drive carefully.
The decision-making phase can take a while.
The declining number of residents is leaving a massive deficit for the council.
The decor was ghastly.
The decorator should have protected your carpet with a dust sheet
The deepest dejection at once overspread Hanaud's burly face.
The deer, looking soaked, leave quagmires where they pass.
The defining characteristics of marriage are their lifelong bond.
The defragmentation process is twenty-two percent complete.
The delay won't hurt now.
The delusion did not last long.
The democratization of artificial intelligence.
The demonstration turned violent, and ended in a huge punch-up
The design of this map is awful.
The detector always has to be calibrated before use
The device has a gyro motor.
The devoted Mr. Snagsby cannot bear this treatment.
The diamond ring glittered and sparkled in the bright sunshine.
The dickens of a row it makes.
The difference is merely in a lawyer's mind.
The difference was measurable.
The digitization of hard copies has enabled us to preserve deteriorating books.
The dinosaurs are breeding!
The director was an ignominious person.
The director wasn't happy with the change.
The dirk mentioned by Wolf Larsen rested in its sheath on my hip.
The disaggregation of data took several nights.
The disclaimer said not all these sentences are factual.
The discovery of the motorcar had raised his spirits.
The discovery seemed to have been made on the spur of the moment.
The discovery upset all his theories.
The disk is being ejected.
The distributor cap had come off.
The distributor left a message.
The diversity in the community has helped it thrive and enriched its culture.
The doctor examined the baby and checked its ears with an otoscope.
The doctor specializes in Otorhinolaryngological problems.
The doctor took a biopsy for examination.
The documentation for Keras is available in Japanese.
The dog ate my homework.
The dog became docile after eating food.
The dog began to drool at the sight of the cooked steak.
The dog snarled at the postman.
The dog's name is Bailey.
The domestication of dogs happened thousands of years ago.
The door bell.
The door closed.
The door handle had snapped off.
The door of the back room opened, and the First Sea Lord came out.
The door of the lighted room was open.
The doors are thrown open, and she passes through the hall.
The doors were found unlocked?
The dot net core framework is open source.
The download was successful.
The downstream effects of these changes are not yet fully understood.
The draft needs to be copy edited
The dragon soared majestically. It roared a fiery breath that echoed for miles.
The drawer drew a lifelike image of the man.
The dried remains of the flowers.
The drink has a zesty flavour.
The drink is contained in a can.
The driver became agitated in the traffic.
The driver was filled with road rage.
The drone joined a fleet of drones and flew in a choreographed manner.
The drunk man berated staff until he was escorted out.
The dynamics of the team changed when another senior manager joined.
The earthquake rated seven on the Richter scale.
The eastern heavens were equally spectacular.
The echoes of a sonic boom can be heard for miles.
The ecology exam went pretty well in the circumstances.
The economic climate has improved.
The economy seems very volatile at the moment.
The effect upon him was magical.
The effect was absolutely dazzling.
The effects of which it is impossible to calculate.
The effigy was ritually torched.
The egg seems to get further away the more I walk towards it.
The element sulfur can also be spelled sulphur
The emergence of mixed reality opened new avenues for education and entertainment.
The emission rating on this car is low.
The emollient cream alleviated my skin irritation.
The emotion which she had suppressed burst forth now in a choking sob.
The end result is always the same.
The engine arrived on a pallet.
The engine is being sent on a pallet.
The engine is idling too fast.
The engine must be sent using palletized delivery.
The engine raced; the clutch slid into position.
The engine will be sent via palletized delivery.
The enhancement request can be split into several categories of work items.
The enthusiasts revved their cars.
The entity greeted us with "hello earthling".
The envelope had already been opened.
The episode was still green in my memory.
The equality operator was not included and the calculation failed.
The error generated a log file which I used to find the problem.
The estate agent specialised in selling townhouses, though she sometimes handled flats
The estimated time of arrival is eight twenty pm.
The estimates were reasonable.
The estranged couple compromised on their demands during the arbitration process.
The etymology of this word can be traced back to Shakespearean times.
The evening altogether passed off pleasantly to the whole family.
The events will be held on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
The evolution of computer science has transformed the world.
The exam is at an intermediate level.
The examiner’s decision is final.
The excessive heat evaporated nearly all the water.
The executive summary was littered with grammatical errors.
The exercise had warmed my blood, and I was beginning to enjoy myself amazingly.
The exit is the bottom floor.
The exorbitant charge for healthcare means new models are needed for health.
The expat planned to return home.
The expiry is three years away.
The exploitation of child workers was rampant until there was a public outcry.
The exploration of space is our frontier.
The expression escaped me inadvertently.
The external garage was left open all night.
The extravagant gown seemed a little pretentious.
The eyes dilated.
The fact is, I don't care much about it.
The fact is, darling, I am terribly worried.
The fact is, our roads are not the same.
The facts are all docketed.
The facts were plucked out of thin air.
The fairness of trickle-down economics is debatable.
The falcon watched its prey.
The fallen tree timber had laid untouched.
The false wizard looked at him carefully.
The farmer works the soil and produces grain.
The farming process has changed because of technology.
The federal court.
The fee is one hundred dollars.
The fellow with a face rather like a walnut.
The female toilets are that way.
The few foot-passengers start, stop, and stare about them.
The field did not yield many crops.
The fighting had now become intermittent.
The figure removes the right-hand glove and shows the hand.
The file is transmitting.
The file size was only two hundred bytes.
The film plays homage to the classic by Alfred Hitchcock.
The film was withdrawn shortly after the premiere.
The film's special effects were absolutely outstanding.
The finest climate in the world!
The fingerprint is a perfect match.
The fire bell?
The fire hydrant sprang a leak.
The fire of the sun is dying.
The first I had heard of the chap.
The first Noel.
The first airplane was flown a little over a century ago.
The first candidate was good but had some gaps in his knowledge.
The first five square numbers are one, four, nine, sixteen and twenty-five
The first letter of the name of the deceased.
The first planet from the sun is Mercury, and the second is Venus
The first step had been taken.
The first thing he did was to take me round to Scotland Yard.
The first thing, then, is to find him.
The five letters of “Julia” gave me the position of the vowels.
The flange ripped off during the race.
The flat consisted of a lounge, kitchen and two bedrooms.
The flight to Australia was long.
The flooding caused billions of dollars in damage and the loss of several lives.
The floor mat was covered in filth.
The floor was wet.
The flower of the artistic and intellectual world were revolutionists.
The flower rota at the village church was maintained by the local parishioners
The flush was gone from her face.
The fog is very dense indeed!
The fog was dense and impenetrable to light.
The folds bound her lips more surely.
The fool had chosen this day of all days to be late.
The football manager got the sack.
The footballer was cool, calm and collected.
The footsteps stopped, a light shone for a moment outside.
The forces of evil must not prevail.
The forecasted tornado devastated the small tight-knit community.
The foreign minister appears to know little about the international situation.
The foreword was brief.
The former enthusiast was disillusioned by the limited progress of his favourite brand.
The former felon transformed himself and is a better person now.
The fortune-tellers had no more to say.
The founder of the company.
The four men turned a bend in the road.
The four sheets were covered.
The fourth and fifth days passed without any developments.
The fourth industrial revolution is expected to be more impactful than the last.
The fourth of July, or Independence Day, is an important day for many Americans.
The frame was too small to hold the photo.
The friendly giant bear waved goodbye.
The frog hopped around.
The fruit cake is past its sell-by date.
The functionality was extended.
The fundraiser was unsuccessful.
The future of A-I must be guided by Ethics and Regulation.
The future of cars is Hydrogen Electric power.
The future of healthcare is destined to be supported by computer-aided diagnosis tools.
The future of work is the augmented human.
The future will require data engineers.
The game itself does not play well.
The gaps remain, and there are not unpopular lodgings among the rubbish.
The garage is locked; and I haven't the key.
The garden of the house ran down to the lake.
The garden was a ragged place of unmown lawn and straggling bushes.
The gate is open at eleven.
The gate was closed.
The gates automatically opened on approach.
The gay and non-binary communities are very diverse.
The generator is powered by wind turbines.
The genetic makeup of a person can be determined from a saliva sample.
The gentle zephyr of the wind touched her cheeks.
The gentry who are after me are pretty bright-eyed citizens.
The genuine, heartfelt cry restored her confidence in Celia.
The geopolitical landscape can be improved through an open dialogue.
The gig economy can be a race to the bottom at times.
The gig economy has its benefits.
The girl faced him, her eyes shining with sudden fear.
The girl looked up with a start.
The girl moved on with the tears running down her cheeks.
The girl on the sofa raised her head.
The girl smiles.
The girl's face flushed rosily.
The glass shattered.
The global statistics are shocking.
The gorilla had a beautiful grey back.
The government offered a concessional interest rate when the financial crisis hit.
The governor received a suspicious package and the police had to investigate.
The grace notes were sung perfectly by the soprano, but badly by the alto
The graphics card on this machine is not suitable for gaming.
The graphics designer presented several versions of the logo.
The grass is greener where you water it.
The gray eyes faltered; the flush deepened.
The great art of riding, as I was saying, is to keep your balance.
The great wall of China is long and high.
The greatest minds in machine learning still take inspiration from the human brain.
The green and red lights of the launches glided backwards and forwards.
The green car overtook us on a dangerous bend.
The gritters are out gritting the roads.
The groom walked his gorgeous bride to the limousine.
The gull intends to harass the picnickers.
The guys went out bowling.
The gym is adjacent to the apartment complex.
The hair, I mean.
The hammock was set up between the two pineapple trees.
The hard drive became corrupted, fortunately, a techie recovered some of the contents.
The hard drive had catastrophic damage and the family photos were gone.
The hard drive is being defragmented.
The hard drive was made by an unlabeled generic manufacturer.
The hardware has been refurbished and cleaned for resale.
The hardware shop wasn't able to supply nails or screws.
The hash sign is sometimes known as the number sign or the pound sign
The hauliers are paid a premium rate for their unsociable hours.
The head hunter from the recruitment agency has hand-picked this strong candidate.
The head rather swims.
The head waiter was sent for and appeared before them.
The headlights of the oncoming traffic were too bright.
The headmaster was a very stern man
The headteacher was a devotee of traditional teaching
The health assessment didn't reveal anything of concern.
The health service is allocating over a billion pounds to the annual budget.
The heart beats in a steady rhythm.
The heat is greater; she screens her face.
The heavyweight champion of the world was challenged by a newcomer.
The helicopter hovered in the distance.
The hell you say it's all right!
The high chimney-stacks telegraph family secrets to him.
The hinge is broken.
The hippopotamus was far too heavy for him to lift.
The histories of our nations are documented.
The history of our westward-faring race is written in it.
The history of the eighteenth century is written, Ernest prompted.
The homicidal glare was dying out of Tuppy's eyes.
The horrific smell could barely be tolerated.
The horse always leads the cart, never vice versa.
The horse galloped away.
The hosepipe sprang a leak.
The hotel bathroom has a bidet.
The hotel has a pool, so don't forget to pack your swimming costume
The hotel has many amenities and offerings.
The hound hadn't packed it.
The hours crept anxiously by: another evening came.
The house had a flowing stream beside it.
The house had not been broken into.
The house in town is not prepared for her reception.
The house stood as open as a market-place for anybody to observe.
The house was assessed to be worth ninety thousand pounds prior to the flood.
The house was built of brick, stone and metal, and had plastic window frames.
The house was built on a narrow isthmus.
The house was built using concrete.
The house was divided into sections.
The house was just by the railway, right next to the tracks
The house was kitted out.
The house was re-mortgaged to finance a business venture.
The house was surveyed and valued at one hundred thousand pounds.
The household did not rise early.
The huge N on the logo cast a shadow in the street.
The hull of the ship is reinforced to withstand icebergs.
The hum from the streets, likewise, seems to swell into a shout.
The hunters were still arguing and roaring like some semi-human amphibious breed.
The hurricane tore the building apart and shredded it to bits.
The hurried conversation was ended.
The hydro-electric dam generates cheap electricity for the community.
The hydroelectric power station generated electricity.
The hyena proceeded to dine.
The ice lolly melted in the sweltering heat.
The icons look pixelated.
The idea got across.
The idea was conceived in the nineties and was revived in the naughties.
The idiots are in charge.
The image file was supplied in jpeg format.
The image was too faint and needed to be enhanced.
The immediate thing to do was to get to the loneliest roads.
The immigration desk is on the first floor.
The impact of a drought on a society.
The implementation of the new workflow was successful.
The importation of cars usually carries a levy.
The indoor firehouse is on the stairwell.
The industrial internet of things.
The industrial revolution took advantage of economies of scale.
The industrialization of food production enables scale.
The inevitability to the progress of technology should be guided morals and principles.
The infection will spread to the heart if it's not treated.
The ingress of dirt damaged the ball joints.
The inhabitants of the island recycle most of their waste.
The initial rollout was successful.
The initiation ceremony for the company director is tomorrow.
The innkeeper appeared in great excitement.
The innovative shading made it look almost three-dimensional.
The institute is looking for feedback from the public.
The insurance firm has agreed to cover the damage.
The integration of electricity in a community can boost literacy levels.
The intercom rang.
The interconnectedness of technology enables faster communication.
The interface between the computer and the cable is broken.
The internet gives us unprecedented access to data.
The internet has enabled faster innovation cycles.
The internet has only been around for a few decades.
The interplay between one and another is unknown.
The investigator had a discerning eye for criminals.
The investor thrives on Schadenfreude and takes advantage of marked down valuations.
The irascible Mr. Smallwood scratches the air.
The irrepressible Mr. Ricardo was impelled to intervene.
The issue was not in doubt.
The issued affidavit was received.
The items may vary in price.
The jacket, you mean?
The jar is brittle it must be opened gently.
The jaws that bite, the claws that catch!
The jeans shrank the very first time they were washed.
The jerk threw him against Mr. Ricardo.
The jewel in the crown.
The jewellery shop was attractive and inviting.
The job in Manchester is too far and out of my grasp.
The journey was continued at dawn.
The judge was impartial and just.
The judicial system is slow and complicated.
The jug was standing on the mantelpiece, for all eyes to behold.
The jujitsu students sparred and grappled with each other.
The jukebox must be broken.
The junior captain announced, "We will begin our descent shortly".
The jury all brightened up again.
The key of the back door, sir?
The key of the door's on the mantelshelf.
The key to the success of electric cars is improved energy storage.
The keys are above the fireplace.
The kids are playing hide and seek in the barn.
The kids played with their grandparents.
The kids promised not to steal anything.
The kind lady helped the destitute man rebuild his life.
The king’s descendants reigned over the people for generations.
The kitten was a mischievous little thing.
The kitten was lonely after being separated from its mother.
The kiwi is a flightless bird of New Zealand.
The knots had been cunningly tied.
The knowledge would spread to her of itself, without a word.
The labourer is worthy of his hire.
The lace was of a delicate ivory color, faintly tinted with yellow.
The ladder reached the second floor.
The lads were congregating outside the tennis club.
The lady amassed the largest collection of records the world has ever known.
The lady was branded an anathema.
The lamp shone brightly and lit up the whole room.
The lamp shone brightly.
The land adjacent the Nile is extremely fertile
The land exchanged its austere robes for the garb of a smiling wanton.
The land was fertile.
The lantern was still burning in the loft-window.
The laptop was developed under the veil of secrecy.
The large rooms are too cramped and close.
The larynx is part of the throat.
The last I ever had from him.
The last one I knew was an overseer.
The last refugee had passed.
The last word was with Peter.
The late payments are impacting our operations.
The latest journal will be released in a week.
The law has existed in perpetuity since the millennium.
The laws were enacted over two hundred years ago, do they still apply?
The lawyer signed the licence in ink.
The lawyer sits down in his easy-chair and stirs the fire.
The lawyer was Greek, or possibly Spanish.
The learning rate should be small, close to zero.
The lease is due to expire.
The lecturer was good at storytelling.
The lecturer was proficient in multiple disciplines, a rare talent.
The legal action comprised a claim and counterclaim.
The lenses had become dirtied and need a good wipe.
The letter gave me only five days' notice of my removal.
The letter i is conventionally used to represent the square root of minus one.
The letter was never received.
The letter was signed with only an X.
The library contains vast amounts of knowledge.
The library is deserted, and the fire is sinking low.
The library is embracing digitization for the public good.
The life of the hotel had resumed its course.
The life there was healthful and athletic, but too juvenile.
The light began dimming until it was gone.
The light flashed on his features as I spoke.
The light went out in the salon.
The lights of the city fell away behind them.
The lights were not lit, which struck me as odd.
The lines were now very taut.
The list goes on and on.
The list is not a long one.
The little bunnies!
The little chick flapped its wings and cried out for its mother.
The little hell hounds are sure to expect a story or two.
The little man had told me a pack of lies.
The little man, with a low growl, stood still.
The little old lady's hearing was remarkably quick.
The little pink ones are so cute.
The lived on a housing estate, in a council flat
The local council looks after municipal needs.
The local press is in decline, and is scrabbling for revenue.
The lodgers gave their notice and vacated earlier than they planned.
The log on which Lop-Ear was lying got adrift.
The long-lived bridge still stands today.
The loose S on the sign swung precariously in the wind.
The lorry will haul the aid container three hundred miles.
The losing team was subject to derision.
The lost traveller was unsure if what he was seeing was a mirage.
The loud crackers went off during the festival.
The lower windows I could not see.
The lush vegetation of that sheltered spot make a natural shield.
The machine learning community is working on advancing prediction capabilities.
The machine learning development process is evolving much as software development did.
The magazine predicted that there would be nightmare shortages.
The magician pulled out his pocket handkerchief with a flourish.
The maid instantly slid back into the room.
The maid looked at him for a few moments without speaking.
The maid started violently.
The maid was carrying Celia's white coat.
The majority of the experiments fail.
The majority of the human body consists of water.
The man deposits another half-crown on the table.
The man from Shropshire ventures another remonstrative "My lord!"
The man had been at school with me.
The man had materialized on the carpet.
The man handed him an envelope.
The man smiled grimly, and brought a hatchet and a club.
The man stepped forward instantly.
The man stepped without a sound over the sill into the room.
The man takes him by both hands.
The man touched the glass doors, and they swung silently inwards.
The man upon the box turned and looked towards the house.
The man was going to be the occasion.
The man was timid and non-confrontational in nature.
The man who fetched that car fetched it carefully.
The man — the murderer — had gone.
The man, adjusting his cravat, then looked at us.
The man, followed by the others, walked briskly down on to the landing-stage.
The management consultant was on secondment to the struggling start-up
The manager offered a generous complimentary voucher as a gesture of goodwill.
The manufacturers will charge more if we demand the change.
The market has fragmented.
The master says you’re to go down the chimney!
The material is non-porous.
The material is porous.
The material may tear if tugged excessively.
The material was interwoven.
The mechanic inspected the car for safety.
The mechanic was particularly tall.
The mechanisms behind the causes of ageing are not fully understood.
The media need to stop using Terminator pictures when talking about Robots.
The meeting seemed endless.
The men I was matched against would miss no detail.
The men seemed unflinchingly confident.
The men stared into each other's face.
The merger will not sit well with the regulators.
The message was for the attendant.
The met office issued a yellow weather warning.
The metal bowl amplified the sound of the keys dropped into it.
The method of the murder began to be clear.
The metric system is based on units, tens and hundreds
The middle-aged man had already achieved so much.
The midnight hour has struck, and I must sleep.
The midwife confirmed the baby is in the breech position in the mother’s womb.
The migration from the legacy system.
The migration is estimated to take a week.
The milk had curdled and gone off.
The milk-maid cried angrily; "see what you have done!"
The mill had been long out of use.
The millennium bug was predicted to cause the mayhem. That did not happen.
The mincemeat used in mince pies doesn't contain any meat
The minister has outstanding negotiating skills.
The minute all this happened, I thought of him.
The mists cleared away.
The mob came on, but it could not advance.
The mobile phone signal can be very patchy outside built-up areas
The model for vision in really complex.
The moment I heard the news I knew we must hurry.
The moment had come for me to speak.
The moon gleamed.
The moon had already begun its westward decline.
The moon was well on its last quarter and would not rise till late.
The more his opponents grew excited, the more Ernest deliberately excited them.
The more we listened, the more gaily he talked.
The morning is by this time getting on apace.
The most popular stall at the village fete was the lucky dip
The most popular type of council housing is a council house
The mother was apathetic towards her clingy child.
The motive of the crime leaps to the eyes.
The motor I had observed half an hour ago must have gone home.
The motor has failed.
The motorway was deadlocked.
The mouse disappeared through a hole in the skirting board
The mouse lived in a small hole in the skirting board
The movie spawned many franchises.
The movie uses explicit language and is not suitable for children.
The muffler rusted and has a leak.
The murder was not the work of a moment.
The murderer is not now the most important object of our search.
The museum had a rare Vase.
The musical chorus kicked in.
The musicians pulled off the bass drop with incredible skill.
The name Randy is not found very often in Britain.
The name flashed across my memory.
The nappy needs changing.
The nation of France invented croissants.
The national census survey may be entirely digital in the future.
The nearest gas station is on Veterans Boulevard.
The neighbouring country demonstrated its hegemony.
The neophyte's first day at work went well.
The network administrator resolved the connectivity issue of the router.
The new bed is comfortable.
The new parents were overwhelmed by the babies continuous crying.
The new version has eleven new enhancements.
The news article said the chef at this restaurant used to cook for royalty.
The news was well received.
The newsagent’s best seller was The Daily Mail
The newspaper's editorial was shocking.
The newspaper’s leader column was spot on.
The newt king wishes a word with us.
The next step was what puzzled me.
The next thing to watch out for is bed sores.
The next witness was the Duchess’s cook.
The night breeze whispered.
The night was calm and snowy.
The nightglow was treacherous to shoot by.
The noise caused her to turn, and for an instant embarrassment supervened.
The northern states mostly opposed slavery.
The note of appeal in his voice was loud.
The noticeboard had swung round overnight, and now hung askew.
The novice actor was overly dramatic.
The nurse came down alone carrying Helene's bag.
The nurse took her seat beside her; the man mounted on the box.
The odds seem favourable.
The odds seemed favourable for him.
The odds were horrible, but I had to take them.
The official intimation was in that note you brought me.
The offside wing of the car was seriously dented
The old book looked fine but had a lingering musty smell.
The old conspiracy to make me happy!
The old dear look, all love, all fondness, all affection.
The old girl's weight —  is twelve stone six.
The old man gasps, prostrate in his chair.
The old man hints at his meaning with a leer.
The old man laid down his hand to light a cigar.
The old man looks at him from under his hand.
The old man shakes his head with sharp sly triumph.
The old man was looking at me with blazing eyes.
The old man's not there.
The old man’s manner was perfect.
The old martyrs probably used to look like that.
The old snooker table is in the cellar.
The old woman sprang to her feet.
The old woman walked slowly, since she was stout.
The old woman who acted as servant received her.
The old woman's eyes kindled as she spoke.
The omnibus would have to wait for luggage.
The one point of danger had been passed.
The only thing that kept me going was that I was pretty furious.
The only thing that mattered was what Peter called “atmosphere”.
The only way to fly is first class
The only way to make sure is to get a good job
The only way too fly is first class
The opera had surtitles, so we could understand what was going on
The oracle was sometimes wrong.
The order has been partially shipped.
The organisation managed to squirrel away record amounts of cash last year.
The organization was murdered from within.
The other cousins soon disperse.
The other felt a sudden wave of irritation rush through him.
The other side of what?’ thought Alice to herself.
The other three officers remained in the boat.
The other windows upon that floor were shuttered.
The others followed upon his heels.
The outside panels of the car were painted a dark grey.
The oval green table was spread out beneath him littered with banknotes.
The overarching goal was maximum staff satisfaction.
The overzealous traffic warden ticketed a parked car.
The package contained illicit drugs
The packaging is reusable and environmentally friendly.
The pain from my hurt knee was agonizing.
The paintings are in the first exhibit.
The pair argued and were unreasonable toward each other.
The pale-green hat upon her fair head heavy with its curls!
The panel does seem to be in listening mode.
The paper had been bought, and the message had reached the house.
The paper was folded lengthwise, written upon only on the inside.
The paper was informative and well researched.
The paper was supplied in pdf format.
The paper was written and torn up yesterday.
The papers were graded.
The paperwork was legible.
The paragraph lacked any capitalization of letters and punctuation.
The paramedic first responders have been deployed.
The parameters are decoded on the server side.
The paraphernalia of justice were sadly lacking.
The park was built in the sixteenth century.
The party came to the back door of the house.
The party came to the hotel.
The party denied foul play and aggressively defended their position.
The party followed the Commissaire along the drive to the coach-house.
The party passed into the garden of the villa.
The past participle of freeze is frozen.
The pasta was piping hot and burnt my tongue.
The patent application was submitted.
The path just admitted three.
The pathos of the thing gave me the pip.
The patient is suffering from acute cardiac pain.
The patient shows idiopathic symptoms.
The pay packet is commensurate with the level of experience you hold.
The pay will be commensurate with the duties.
The payment plan has been agreed to be repaid in twelve instalments.
The pedestrian jaywalked.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
The pen's ink leaked into the bag.
The penitent trooper shook his head.
The people whom we knew laughed at her, and were ungenerous.
The performance became genteel, and ladies flocked to the matinees.
The perplexity upon his face greatly increased.
The perspiration, already bedewing my brow, became a regular Niagara.
The petrol station is about three kilometres ahead
The pharaoh did not treat his servants well.
The phenomena could not be explained.
The phoenix burst into flames spontaneously.
The phone has enhanced haptic feedback.
The phone slipped out of my hand and onto my toe.
The photo doesn't have to be pixel perfect.
The photo had a hue.
The photo was too bright so we're adding some darkening shadows.
The physicist was experimenting with radioactivity.
The pilot used a head-up display.
The piranhas engaged in a feeding frenzy.
The pizza had peppers, anchovies, and different types of meats.
The place had been most cunningly chosen.
The place is positively stiff with happy endings.
The place is simply ill with atmosphere.
The place was as orthodox as an Anglican church.
The plan was ineffective.
The plane descends steadily during landing.
The plane was delayed for three hours at Heathrow
The planters are already considering the matter.
The playwright spent many years refining his craft.
The plug-in will automatically transcribe the streaming audio or video feed.
The pneumatic drill rattled uncontrollably.
The poem was life-affirming.
The poet reflected on his words.
The point doesn't arise at all.
The point went big.
The police are in possession.
The police are up there now.
The police commissioner has committed to putting more feet on the ground.
The police questioned the pair overnight
The policeman drew his truncheon, and hit the protester on the shoulder
The policy is too negative; we need to rewrite it
The poliovirus has been eliminated in the wild.
The poor emaciated creatures all but worshipped him.
The poor man looked dishevelled and beaten down.
The pop-up boxes and advertisements obscured the text
The population is largely against the measure.
The position of the marks was at first sight a little peculiar.
The power of this woman is astonishing.
The preacher told a poignant story.
The press will go crazy over this story.
The presumption of guilt would fall upon her.
The presumption of innocence is a crucial legal concept.
The pretty village face looks brightly up.
The prime minister's counterpart from Greece will arrive today.
The prince will be getting married soon.
The principle is the same, I think?
The principle threatened to expel disorderly students.
The printers have been showing a nasty spirit for months.
The prisoner was truculent toward the guards.
The prisoners were housed in cell block M.
The problem is not endemic.
The problem was that the system had not worked for the past week
The proceeding would be over about half an hour too soon.
The proceedings terminated very shortly.
The professor’s discourse covered a variety of topics.
The programme still holds good.
The prohibition does not extend to us, does it?
The project is complete.
The project was short-lived.
The promoter's eyes were heavy, with little puffy bags under them.
The proof of it was lying under the table-cloth.
The proof of its effectiveness lay stretched upon the floor beside them.
The proposal fitted very well.
The psychiatrist will see you now.
The pupil and iris are parts of the eye.
The purple heart was blazing with fire.
The pushmi-pullyu shall never be shut up in a cage.
The puzzle — that can wait.
The pyramid has endured severe sandstorms.
The python programming language has become very popular nowadays
The quacking of the mallard sounded like the laugh of an evil superhero.
The quaver and semiquaver are musical notes of short duration
The queen’s reign over her nation spanned a century.
The question needed no answer.
The questionnaire is too simplistic.
The questions may have come vaguely in his mind.
The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.
The race track was shorter than I expected.
The race was lost by mere seconds.
The radiator has an air lock.
The radio suffered from signal attenuation.
The radiologist identified her patient's blood vessels had atrophied.
The railway station is just off the roundabout
The railway tracks were held together with sleepers
The railway was a revolutionary new form of transport.
The recent breakthrough in machine learning is due to advances in deep neural networks.
The recollection seemed to upset him, and he gulped down some more whisky.
The recovery driver inflated the flat tire.
The recovery man got it up and running in no time.
The red-haired woman called Adele; the man with the little black moustache.
The referendum did not end as expected.
The reflection on the ice was distorted.
The refund requires authorization by a senior manager.
The region is known for its fertile land.
The regret in his voice was provocative of a second burst of laughter.
The relationship between businesses and consumers can be less transactional.
The relief, as you may well imagine, was stupendous.
The remembrance of little Scudder decided me.
The reorganization of these countries took the form of revolution.
The reply was a wry smile.
The report on how to tackle poverty and climate change was comprehensive and actionable.
The request is invalid.
The requirements of this assignment have been defined below.
The requirements were vague and undefined.
The research demonstrates poor analysis and critique of the method.
The researchers cited previous research to support their conclusions.
The responsibility falls on humans that design and operates systems.
The rest is mere detail work.
The rest of the house was in darkness.
The restaurant had a health inspection and rated highly.
The restaurant was heaving and we couldn't get a seat.
The results of this I now proceeded to hand on to him.
The retail sector faced a challenging quarter.
The reviewer opined that the play was an utter failure.
The rhythm is unmistakably familiar.
The rhythms of this piece are quite hypnotic
The rights in his patent he had mortgaged long ago.
The ringing of the big bell aroused him.
The ringleader here was plainly Bassett.
The river Severn flows for two hundred and twenty miles.
The river bared its bosom, and snorting steamboats challenged the wilderness.
The river should be shallow enough to wade across.
The road is closed. You have to follow the diversion signs
The road will diverge further along.
The robber had the audacity to sue the victim.
The robot imitated his trainer.
The robot was modelled to have a close semblance the human form.
The robot will carry your bags for you.
The robotic hands are designed to be dexterous, soft and delicate like people.
The rocket launched from Cape Canaveral at two thirty one in the morning.
The roller flattened the hot tarmac into a smooth surface.
The roof had collapsed under intense pressure.
The roof has been patched up many times over the years.
The roof sloped down in all directions.
The room was measurably cleaner.
The room was opposite Celia's.
The rooms lighting was dim and made me feel drowsy.
The rotor spun at incredible speeds.
The rowing boat can't accommodate any more.
The safe's empty.
The sales agent didn't call me back.
The salt dissolved in water immediately on contact.
The same that I expect.
The same words, indeed, were running through both women's minds.
The scents of strange vegetation blew off the tropic land.
The school caretaker was a very tall man
The school kids carried zest and positivity.
The school should do more to prevent personal property being stolen.
The school's headteacher may be a headmaster or a headmistress
The schoolroom was in uproar, and the student found it impossible to study
The scientist sought to debunk false claims.
The scientists were investigating extreme temperature events.
The score is deuce.
The scorn of her voice rang through the room.
The screen faded to black.
The scribes made mistakes.
The seagull dove into the river and caught a fish.
The seams of the trousers began to unravel.
The search continued for five days.
The search is not being overlooked.
The seemingly ceaseless tide of water enveloped the whole community.
The sentence is too long.
The sentence was long and convoluted.
The sergeant who discovered the crime will be here at once.
The servant with the bandage was being soundly rated.
The server was decentralized.
The session timed out because there was no response from the server.
The sewer systems could not cope and the roads were flooded.
The sharp voice of Wolf Larsen aroused me.
The shepherd protected his flock of sheep.
The ship should be in within a week or ten days.
The shipwreck was buoyed off the coast.
The shock must have been severe.
The shoelace became loose.
The shoemaker can help us here.
The shop closes at nine P-M.
The shop is close by.
The shopping spree was burning a hole in my wallet.
The shopping trolley provided by Tesco had very wonky casters
The shot wasn't on the board.
The show was broadcast live.
The showcase is handcrafted using oak wood.
The sight gave me a shock.
The sign said E Z Loans and Finance.
The simple, direct method never fails, whereas the elaborate does.
The singing voice approached rapidly.
The sink has a hot tap and a cold tap
The situation is evidently pretty grim.
The situation obviously cries out for Jeeves.
The sixth day he spent in the cabin with Gregson.
The skewer may lead you to the criminal.
The skipper's and Nakata's gymnastics served as a translation without words.
The sky is blue, the birds are singing, there is optimism everywhere.
The sky was an icy blue, and there was a sharp East wind
The small corner shop sold fifteen different types of cheese
The smell goes on no further.
The smell of chicken curry made his mouth water in anticipation.
The smile passed from his face, and he became graver than before.
The snake stretched itself, then suddenly struck.
The softmax activation is very expensive to compute.
The software development life cycle defines the phases of a software project.
The software library will be released under the Lesser General Public License.
The software testing life cycle defines the phases of testing a project.
The sole consideration in this unhappy case is Sir Leicester.
The solemnity of his manner impressed him.
The song was endlessly playing on repeat.
The song was so-so.
The sordid, miserable struggle for mastery in this household.
The sound of the ringing Knell filled the room with despair.
The sound of wheels creaking and rasping rose to their ears.
The sound went away just as suddenly as it came.
The source of bias in algorithms is usually the data it was trained on.
The space elevator reached above the clouds.
The space ship performed a space-jump and disappeared into thin air.
The spaceship is trapped in a black hole.
The spectral voice repeats more solemnly, "Go away!"
The speeding driver risked injuring himself and others.
The spiritual anguish induced by that tactless speech had become noticeably lessened.
The squeaky wheel gets the grease.
The squirrel climbed up the tall acorn tree in seconds.
The squirrel ran up the pine tree in a spiral.
The staircase ascends to the roof of the high rise building.
The stakes were taken up by their owners.
The star is billions of miles away.
The starship nexus is our flagship.
The startup was backed by hedge funds.
The station, when I reached it, proved to be ideal for my purpose.
The statue is enormous.
The steel beams held the weight of the bricks and strengthened the building.
The steward has just tendered me a respectful bit of advice.
The storeroom was a damp chamber in what had been the old farmhouse.
The story of her trickery and her exposure would run through the town.
The stout wood was crushed like an eggshell.
The strange man said nothing but made another snort.
The stranger had a fiendish smile.
The stratospheric ozone layer was damaged.
The strictest orders were given and obeyed.
The striker scored a spectacular goal.
The structural damage was intensive, and the insurance company had written-it-off.
The student quit school, ostensibly due to financial problems.
The study had many flaws.
The subject did not admit of a doubt.
The sudden glare made them blink, and I stood scanning the three faces.
The suggestion startled every one who heard it.
The sun and wind had changed her, too.
The sun has got his hat on.
The sun is shining, however, it still feels cold.
The sun rose on the horizon.
The sun was shining
The sun will shine, although the day's a grey one.
The sundial is an ancient method of telling time.
The sunsets grow more bizarre and spectacular off this coast of the Argentine.
The superintendent will hear about this.
The surgeon scrubbed up before commencing the operation.
The suspect hasn't been identified.
The suspect was arrested at midnight
The sweat stood upon it in beads.
The swish of her long satin train must betray her.
The system seems to be in chaos.
The table was displayed in a structured hierarchy.
The table, however, did not appear.
The tall gate was made from wrought iron.
The tap leaked several buckets of water until the leak was repaired.
The tap was leaking.
The task we set ourselves was threefold.
The taste of victory is palpable.
The tax office offers concessions in exceptional circumstances.
The taxi driver only brushed his bumper against the other car.
The teacher gave an anecdote during tuition.
The teacher ticked Rosie off for punching.
The teacher was very keen on Show and Tell.
The team equalized just before half-time.
The teams clashed over who was the best.
The tears gathered in her eyes and rolled down her cheeks.
The tears were rolling down Celia's cheeks.
The telegram was brought to him there.
The television shows the video feed but is inaudible.
The temperature dropped to fifty below zero and remained there the whole trip.
The temperature keeps fluctuating, what's wrong?
The tenant always paid his rent on time.
The term Artificial Intelligence can be misleading, it cannot think on its own yet.
The term rubber in British English is what Americans would call a pencil eraser
The theory so calmly enunciated took his breath away.
The thick concrete walls attenuated the wi-fi signal.
The thing seemed too incredible.
The thought set his blood tingling.
The three faces seemed to change before my eyes and reveal their secrets.
The three men in the room watched him with an intense excitement.
The three men left the Villa together.
The three women spoke a few words.
The three women went out of the recess.
The ticket tout was illegally selling Centre Court tickets for Wimbledon
The ticket tout was illegally selling Wimbledon tickets
The tickets have been issued.
The timbre of the new instrument was most pleasing.
The time is not come for your standing pledged to one another.
The time was considered auspicious.
The timid beauty promises in all earnestness to be trustworthy.
The tiny buttons on my mobile phone are very fiddly
The tiny lamb bleated softly.
The tipping points are interrelated, and could amplify one another.
The tires are Deflated.
The tires became bald from heavy usage.
The toaster burnt the toast, it was blackened and crusty.
The toddler became hyper after he ate some chocolate.
The toddler seemed very happy in his pushchair
The toddler threw a tantrum at the store checkouts.
The toddler was on the cusp of learning to speak.
The toolbox included a screwdriver, a spanner, a hammer, a saw and a drill
The torture is over.
The towel was saturated and didn't absorb anything.
The tower was built in a structured, systematic manner.
The town centre can get very crowded on Saturday afternoons
The town had a linear park along the riverbank.
The town is in the Worcestershire region.
The townspeople were dubious about the plans for fracking
The tracking reference did not work.
The traffic officer pulled me over for speeding and gave me a ticket.
The train conductor announced the journey is about to begin.
The train of her delicate green frock swept the floor.
The train was delayed yet again by a points failure
The train was full.
The transaction failed to complete.
The transfer had taken no more than a few seconds.
The tricks are so easy.
The trooper beckons as he calls him.
The trooper fails to fasten the brooch.
The trooper looked down upon him like a giant.
The trooper looks at her with a troubled visage.
The trouble about him was his partiality for playing a lone hand.
The trouble about him was that he was too romantic.
The trouble is that I’m not sober.
The truth of it set Jeanne quivering.
The tsunami flattened crudely built homes.
The tufts on a long-eared owl aren’t really ears
The tune was infectious, for he followed my suit.
The turtles said "cowabunga" in excitement.
The tutor gave a good analogy.
The tutor was a gripping storyteller.
The twelve jurors were all writing very busily on slates.
The twins had a joint birthday party when they turned eighteen
The two cultures thrived through understanding and co-operation.
The two discoverers stare at them, who return the compliment.
The two friends rise and look at one another.
The two look at each other again.
The two neighbours disputed where the garden borders should be.
The two will come back, never fear.
The two women heard it too, and looked at one another.
The typeset was clear and easy to read.
The typical holidaymaker in the nineteen-fifties would often go to a seaside resort
The ultrasound confirmed the baby is healthy.
The university students devised a cunning way to extract minerals from rock.
The university was my Alma Mata.
The usual wardrobe of the English gentleman paying a country-house visit.
The valley of the kings has the tombs of ancient Egyptian pharaohs.
The vast majority of emails is Spam.
The vendor will provide further details.
The very handle of the door was tried.
The very idea of it was preposterous.
The very man.
The very opposite is true; they are discouraged vagabonds.
The very thing we both said yesterday, Esther!
The very thing, Ernest agreed.
The very thought of the effort to swim over was nauseating.
The vessel was hollow.
The victim was asked to identify the thief at a police identity parade
The victim was brutally murdered at the scene.
The video is non-ephemeral.
The villagers worshipped a brazen idol
The violence of his contempt nettled him.
The visit to the restaurant at Montmartre, for instance.
The visual effects are some of the best in the industry.
The voice rang now as false as hell.
The voice was Harry's, and his face was ashy white.
The volcano eruption had begun.
The voyage was our idea of a good time.
The waggoner was at our coach-door.
The wall was painted Matt white.
The walls were black with mould.
The warehouse management system is vertically integrated.
The water has dried.
The water in the bath was being replenished by the dripping tap.
The waterfall is visually pleasing.
The waters are out in Lincolnshire.
The waters of the inlet were first charted during the eighteenth century.
The weakness passed.
The weather forecast is changeable.
The weather made me liverish, the talk of the ordinary Englishman made me sick.
The website needs an interactive map
The website passed user acceptance testing.
The website was promoted to the pre-live environment.
The wedding day was the best day of his life.
The weeks had gone by, and no overt acts had been attempted.
The weighing scales have been calibrated and are ready for usage.
The white shirt will accentuate your red jacket.
The white van was tailgating other drivers.
The whole business had mesmerised me.
The whole country rings with it.
The whole family, in short, were properly overjoyed on the occasion.
The whole house is disgraceful.
The whole party stood like men stupefied.
The whole place smelt of mould and disuse.
The whole question was how much they understood about Scudder’s knowledge.
The whole thing is off.
The wicked witch and the wizard were in cahoots.
The wife had stopped communicating with her husband
The wind's getting round again, I am afraid.
The wind's in the east.
The wind's round again.
The window overlooked the main entrance to the hotel.
The windows and the glass doors were closed, the latticed shutters fastened.
The windscreen of the car became iced up overnight.
The windscreen wipers wiped away the rain droplets.
The winner of the world cup.
The wise man advised we work hard at work.
The wolf-dog thrust his gaunt muzzle toward him.
The wolves chased the cattle.
The woman herself is not the least item in his difficulty.
The woman in the navy blue beret was running away.
The woman in you is only incidental, accidental, and irrelevant.
The woman shakes her head.
The woman spoke with abhorrence.
The woman told me roughly to keep quiet.
The woman was urging her to be quick.
The woman wore scarlet lipstick and rather striking violet nail varnish
The woman's story was that the whole thing took place at night
The women they carried away with them to the Big Valley.
The wooden door had swung a little more open.
The wooden shutters outside the doors were not quite closed.
The word ad is short for advertisement
The word is a hybrid of both Latin and Greek.
The word was a sudden light upon his darkness.
The words became distinct to all upon that balcony.
The words delicious and disgusting are antonyms.
The words did create a considerable sensation.
The words might have meant anything.
The work culture is different.
The work is pseudonymous: nobody knows who wrote it.
The work wasn't too taxing.
The world cup was held in Brazil.
The world is shaped by technology.
The world premiere is tonight!
The worm ruined the apple.
The wrench cracked and shattered.
The writing was illegible.
The wrong note entirely.
The yacht was estimated to cost a half a million dollars.
The yellow brick road is actually quite long.
The young Englishwoman is, I suppose, your friend Miss Celia?
The young man is right.
The young one was the murderer.
The young, fair-haired girl in black velvet, the medium, was Celia.
The youngest of our family is also the smartest.
The youth have time but no money and adults have money but no time.
Their dedication is admirable.
Their forces were already moving into the north country.
Their house was very comfortable and homely
Their lifelong hobby is breeding rare pigs.
Their love burned with increasing brightness.
Their manners are not equal to his.
Their mother sat sewing below.
Their pet iguana obviously takes a lot of looking after.
Their powers of conversation were considerable.
Their prized collection of ornaments was stolen.
Their property is about half a kilometre down this track, on the left.
Their quarterback was injured in the first game of the season.
Their supply of grub was gone.
Their teacher told my boys to aim higher.
Their views were completely inimicable to ours.
Their wedding anniversary is the twenty-seventh of October, I think
Then Ada blushingly asked me how did I know that.
Then I am here as soon as you, you see.
Then I approached the tiny booking-office and took a ticket for Dumfries.
Then I could see that he began to get edgy again.
Then I crept upstairs very cautiously, trying the doors.
Then I described my meeting with Sir Harry, and the speeches at the hall.
Then I got into a suit of clothes I had kept waiting for emergencies.
Then I got to the murder, and he grew solemn again.
Then I groped among the sacks and boxes.
Then I must tell you this.
Then I proceeded to go off into an old-fashioned swoon.
Then I realised that my vantage-ground might be in reality a trap.
Then I sat down in real earnest to Scudder’s note-book.
Then I saw a man standing in the street outside this block.
Then I saw an aeroplane coming up from the east.
Then I saw how the thing could be handled.
Then I saw that I had walked straight into the enemy’s headquarters.
Then I saw the way.
Then I set to work on my face.
Then I set to work to dress for the part.
Then I shall acknowledge it and make him reparation.
Then I shall open it.
Then I shall try another door.
Then I smelt it and put my tongue to it.
Then I staggered to a cupboard, found the brandy and swallowed several mouthfuls.
Then I thought I would put in an hour or two watching Trafalgar Lodge.
Then I took a more cheerful view.
Then I understood well enough.
Then I waited for a moment or two.
Then I went back to wider considerations.
Then I went home.
Then I wonder if you would mind doing something for me.
Then Paul fished out a little spray.
Then Paul often raked the fire.
Then Sir Harry started.
Then Tuppy has been chasing him for two hours and a half.
Then a clock upon a church struck the half-hour musically, distantly.
Then all becomes clear.
Then all the things must have fallen out!
Then began an unholy row.
Then came a bit of thick wood where I slackened speed.
Then came a sparkle of anger in his eyes.
Then came my boy code.
Then came our advertisement and the woman's written testimony.
Then came the horses.
Then came the question, which of the two next doors?
Then cautiously he crept on again.
Then comes the question how to meet it.
Then continue twiddling.
Then get a pole; get two poles.
Then get out on it —  it’s mine.
Then he asked: "And what will happen?"
Then he behaved in an extraordinary way.
Then he bent once more over the woman.
Then he bolted back.
Then he brought her hat, and she pinned it on.
Then he came to a stop.
Then he hastened on, as Pierre had guided him.
Then he laughed in a friendly way at himself.
Then he lit another cigarette.
Then he rose and crossed again to the settee.
Then he roused himself from his reverie with a start.
Then he said abruptly: "Nothing, of course; nothing."
Then he shouted, Shut up.
Then he sprang down the stairs.
Then he stepped back with a low cry of pleasure.
Then he told her.
Then he took up the paper again.
Then he turned back into the room.
Then he turned me loose.
Then he turned to the head waiter.
Then he turned with an apology to his guests.
Then he was right after all?
Then he wouldn't have got himself into these troubles.
Then it flashes upon him.
Then it is as I said, Womble announced with finality.
Then it may be all right.
Then it really has happened, after all!
Then it was that a strange thing happened.
Then it's high time you began again.
Then my sister was drawn.
Then on the outskirts of the town he finds an empty villa.
Then our brother was drawn — swiftly — to drunkenness.
Then she had better go.
Then she has recovered!
Then she pushed her out.
Then she slightly beckons to him and says, "Come here!"
Then she tore frantically at the cords.
Then she turned impulsively and spoke in a voice of appeal.
Then she was never robbed after all?
Then something awoke me.
Then something emerged from the mists.
Then steps approached the recess.
Then suddenly I had an inspiration.
Then suddenly I thought of another probability.
Then suddenly the car stopped.
Then the conversation petered out.
Then the dark fell, and silence.
Then the light was turned up again.
Then the vision faded, the tambourines and cymbals rattled again.
Then there are plenty of Marine Parades, if that’s what you mean.
Then there is no more to be said.
Then there was the campaign.
Then they came outside, and stood just below the dovecot arguing fiercely.
Then they do not know it yet?
Then they passed out of his hearing.
Then they thought better of it, and went back to the house.
Then they tied me.
Then upon horror, horror was added.
Then we both raised both.
Then we may dismiss him for the present.
Then we went and heard her story..
Then we will question the maid.
Then we'll face it out.
Then we’d be part of the problem.
Then what did he do?
Then what did you do?
Then what do you mean you've got good news?
Then what's a fellow to do?
Then why are we here, my friends?
Then why should they quarrel with us?
Then with some difficulty I turned the car.
Then you can arrange yourself comfortably among these robes in the bow.
Then you can understand how infamous the suggestion is.
Then you cannot be too discreet.
Then you don't believe in altruism.
Then you gave me a little piece of information.
Then you have not heard, sir?
Then you left here about a quarter to ten.
Then you make your hair creep up it, like a fruit-tree.
Then you still cling to Geneva?
Then you’ll know why.
Then, I can promise you, you will be entertained and possibly edified.
Then, again, Tudor had such an irritating way about him.
Then, and at supper, he tried to fathom her.
Then, feeling queenly, she showed Paul how to blanch almonds.
Then, however, Celia's mother broke down under the strain and died.
Then, in the silence, a tambourine jangled.
Then, will you come to the lawyer?
Then, with a remarkable air of consideration, he bowed.
Therapy can help overcome addiction to cigarettes.
There I breakfasted off a whisky-and-soda and some biscuits from the cupboard.
There I was my own master.
There are a thousand things which I don't understand.
There are alternative paint colours available.
There are approximately thirty toys in this box.
There are architectural gems to be found in the local cemetery.
There are bargains at the local supermarket today.
There are breakfast cereals in the cupboard.
There are congestion charges in this region.
There are diamonds glittering on the hand that holds the screen.
There are different sizes of batteries.
There are eight bits in a byte.
There are few Quantum computers in existence today.
There are forums for every kind of community.
There are four points I see as vitally important.
There are four, all low, McCoy answered.
There are free courses that teach how to provide healthcare in humanitarian crises situations.
There are funds in hand.
There are historical indicators of where the divergence of culture began.
There are lots of different ways to be polite in Japanese.
There are machine learning techniques to mitigate bias in datasets.
There are many approaches to solving a single problem.
There are many customization options available.
There are many different versions of Santa Claus, including Father Christmas from England
There are many established strategies, picking the right one is hard.
There are many regions that lack potable water.
There are many roads to the same destination.
There are many startup accelerators to boost the economy.
There are many types of Neural Network modelling techniques in machine learning.
There are many types of Reptile.
There are many variations of tea at a supermarket.
There are many varieties of this jacket.
There are more people increasingly using the internet.
There are multiple addresses on your account, which one should we use?
There are no attachments in this email.
There are no clear purposes behind this article.
There are no kiddies and half grown youths among them.
There are no sounds audible in the vacuum of space.
There are no tricks here.
There are none left.
There are over a hundred noble laureates in the United Kingdom.
There are scissors for both left-handed and right-handed people.
There are several species of horse chestnut tree, all of which bear conkers
There are several ways to subscribe.
There are solar panels that can replace roof tiles.
There are solar panels that look like blinds.
There are solar panels that look like glass windows.
There are the canals of China, and the Yang-tse River.
There are things which kill love.
There are thirteen items in a baker’s dozen
There are too many blokes in here.
There are too many records to test individually.
There are two ducks in the canal.
There are untapped opportunities to invest in new burgeoning firms.
There are worse things in the world than being a Scarecrow.
There can be a knock-on effect, whereby shocks cascade through the system.
There can be no doubt about that.
There followed a roar that shook the earth.
There goes an hour by the clock!
There had been something of affection.
There has been a change, she interrupted him.
There has been dirty work afoot.
There have been no announcements from the school to say it is closed today.
There have been several other interdisciplinary studies.
There he and Bassett were, alone together in the evening stillness.
There he is still, eagerly pointing, and no one minds him.
There is a broad range of massive open online courses for humanitarian volunteers.
There is a clear distinction between machine learning and artificial general intelligence.
There is a congruency between the data collected.
There is a discrepancy in the filing system.
There is a disproportionate amount of people dropping out of school.
There is a flaw in that new invention.
There is a fundamental difference in how a diesel engine works.
There is a great honour in being granted a Nobel prize.
There is a growing demand for developers with analytics expertise.
There is a heightened risk of political tension and conflict.
There is a huge gap between the two detached homes.
There is a lot of Literature on this subject.
There is a lot of hype around cryptocurrency and block-chain.
There is a precedence.
There is a presence in the room; I will speak to it.
There is a problem with the camshaft.
There is a ready explanation, Jeeves.
There is a real place called Atlantis.
There is a tea towel over there to dry the dishes
There is a terrible draught in this room
There is a wild disturbance — is it fear or anger?
There is about him something that seems to soothe and hypnotize.
There is air trapped in the pipes.
There is an asymmetry in this triangle.
There is an exception to the rule.
There is an imposing monument just outside.
There is an increasing number of people being internally displaced due to climate change.
There is an ogreish kind of jocularity in Grandfather today.
There is another shore, you know, upon the other side.
There is another virtue in these bulkheads.
There is encouragement in the sound of it.
There is first the chauffeur.
There is high-quality educational content online by leading educators.
There is inquiry made at various houses for a boy named Jo.
There is minimal variability in this range.
There is more behind this than a mere university ideal.
There is more colour in your cheeks.
There is more than one path to any destination.
There is much more to ponder in greater depth.
There is no State in Europe that wants him gone.
There is no better place than a sunny beach.
There is no definitive answer.
There is no doubt that she was chloroformed.
There is no excuse for tardiness.
There is no finer air and no healthier soil in the world
There is no live action; it's an all-digital character.
There is no mention of the earrings.
There is no need of further detail, now -- for you can understand.
There is no need to replace human workers with robots.
There is no other word to describe the sound.
There is no pill for all ailments, look after your health.
There is no place like home.
There is no single Medication that is a Panacea for all ailments.
There is no such thing as instant satisfaction.
There is no time like the present.
There is no truth in it.
There is no way out of that yard.
There is not a bit of fish to be got today.
There is not an iota of truth in it, certainly not.
There is not much affability in her tone.
There is not much distraction for the woman who nurses them.
There is not much material to be got out of that.
There is nothing I could desire more.
There is nothing Richard wants so much as a friend.
There is nothing in her manner to express weakness or excite compassion.
There is nothing mercenary in him.
There is nothing that we can do.
There is nothing to be done.
There is only one course to pursue.
There is something grotesque in it.
There is something in this house which I do not understand.
There is something — a presence here — some one who means harm!
There is that magnificent Bob, eating his head off in the stable.
There is the question.
There is value in the aggregation of research content.
There isn't much you do know.
There may be something in this.
There must be no noise, no violence.
There must be some mistake.
There must be some way of reading this riddle.
There my reasoning stopped.
There needs to be more awareness surrounding the issues raised in this event.
There needs to be more discussion and debate.
There never can have been, there never can be, a pleasanter manner.
There never was a more independent being.
There never was such a good fellow as Woodcourt is.
There ought to be a book written about me, that there ought!
There seemed to be two of them, men in coats and tweed caps.
There seems to be a lack of organisation, she said
There seems to be a problem with the fuel injection.
There seems to be a sentence or paragraph missing on page three.
There seems to be so much litter everywhere these days
There she lived honestly but miserably.
There they all were, present and correct.
There they were, matched, ever afterwards!
There was Gussie, emerging as stated.
There was a box of detonators, and a lot of cord for fuses.
There was a change now.
There was a click as if a lever had been pulled.
There was a dead silence.
There was a fag-end of sunset still functioning.
There was a flock of sheep blocking the country road.
There was a hole in the carpet.
There was a little muslin curtain drawn across it.
There was a little parapet behind which I found space to lie down.
There was a little stock of electric torches on one shelf.
There was a long knife through his heart which skewered him to the floor.
There was a long letter enclosed in a handwriting unknown to him.
There was a longish pause.
There was a look of infinite suffering upon his face.
There was a multitude of queer things there.
There was a note of anguish in his voice difficult to resist.
There was a pause, during which I massaged my calves.
There was a question — a question not easy to answer.
There was a seance held in the salon last night.
There was a seance held last night in the little salon.
There was a second condition we laid down.
There was a short note about me as the owner of the flat.
There was a street lamp near to the door, he remembered.
There was a stronger personality than hers at work in the room.
There was a tear on her eyes.
There was an absence of the finer touches of humanity in it!
There was an accomplice within the house.
There was an accomplice within the villa.
There was an interesting piece of evidence already in his possession.
There was applause, and a voice cried: "Hear, hear!"
There was certainly too much of it in the air.
There was condensed moisture on the wall and the area become mouldy.
There was confusion in the corridor.
There was debris scattered across the vicinity.
There was dew in the area.
There was exactly one a-piece all round.
There was hardly any of it left.
There was his chance.
There was interference in the microphone signal.
There was moonshine, too, in my head.
There was much static in the audio feed.
There was no answer from the other side.
There was no chance to fire without hitting him.
There was no cover for a tomtit in those bald green places.
There was no diminution of his rage.
There was no doubt that hell was afoot somewhere.
There was no forecasting this strange girl's processes.
There was no gain from the crime unless she spoke.
There was no help for it, however.
There was no law on the Yukon save what they made for themselves.
There was no sign of fear upon his face.
There was no surprise.
There was no trace of the book.
There was none of the joy of meeting in his face.
There was not a moment to be lost.
There was not a second to spare.
There was nothing but short heather, and bare hill bent, and the white highway.
There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began talking again.
There was nothing for us but the wide raw ocean.
There was nothing more, except a large ink blot under the words.
There was nothing on the rock.
There was nothing to be done except to set about arresting her.
There was nothing to be feared from her.
There was one chance, and only one, of saving Jeanne.
There was one difficulty, however.
There was one night last June — only last June!
There was pride and strength, the ring of triumph in his voice.
There was proper division of labor in the work they individually performed.
There was so little disorder.
There was some confusion at first but we overcame it with practice.
There was something about the old gentleman which puzzled and rather terrified me.
There was something black against the glass doors — a man.
There was something horribly deliberate about his movements.
There was something pathetic in the girl's attitude now.
There was such a horrible stink in the classroom that they evacuated the students.
There was the Emma Louisa.
There was the free use, too, of Christian names.
There was the mess-jacket still on its hanger.
There was the usual stream of merchandise, books and spin-offs.
There was too much dust to see anything.
There wasn’t room for one where she came from.
There we go again, William!
There we saw a prim gentleman, with a clean-shaven, lawyer’s face.
There were a great many ink bottles.
There were eight people in a row.
There were envelopes strewn on the floor.
There were few people in the streets.
There were holidays at school on other birthdays —  none on mine.
There were larks, linnets, and goldfinches —  I should think at least twenty.
There were lights outside.
There were many limitations to the research.
There were many routes, the sat-nav picked the fastest one.
There were no further imprints.
There were none.
There were orange-green, gold-green, and a copper-green.
There were people still dining at the tables.
There were several second-hand bags, blue and red, hanging up.
There were six little ducks.
There were stir and bustle, new faces, and fresh facts.
There were the man and the woman, her accomplices.
There were three sets of footmarks upon the soil.
There were two columns about the Portland Place Murder, as it was called.
There were, however, exceptions.
There weren't any missions, and he was the man to know.
There would be no bungling.
There would be no more patient and careful service.
There would be no waste of time.
There you are, you see!
There — at the bridge — your car is stopped.
There's Fort Churchill, a rifle-shot beyond the ridge, asleep.
There's a big English general right now whose name is Roberts.
There's a blizzard out there, are you still going to work?
There's a boat at the bottom of the garden.
There's a cruel attraction in the place.
There's a generational gap, so we're getting our wires crossed.
There's a man who gets ahead of me at every turn.
There's a very bad sort of fever about him.
There's an historic crime in your own country.
There's been a shady white van parked outside for over an hour.
There's far too much fudge and cosy familiarity in government.
There's no east in it.
There's no great odds betwixt us.
There's no knowing what's going to happen in the future.
There's no limit to the amount of good you can do.
There's no now for us suitors.
There's nobody in the house.
There's nobody like Jeeves.
There's not an iota of truth in it.
There's nothing better than a dip in a warm bathtub.
There's nothing preventing you from learning to play the guitar.
There's nothing the matter; I will come to you presently.
There's simply nothing to it.
There's the hitch, replied Thorpe, rolling a cigarette.
There's too much of the schoolboy in me.
There, and through it all, my dear physician was a hero.
There, as you say, is the snag.
There, silhouetted against the dusky West was my friend, the monoplane.
There, that is better, is it not?
Therefore I advise you to drink it as soon as possible.
Therefore I recommend your turning him out before he gets still worse.
Therefore be at peace with God, whatever you conceive Him to be.
Therefore he has been marked down these twelve months past.
Therefore she must be innocent!
Therefore the murderers had not gone before eleven.
Therefore, George, be careful what you say.
Therefore, hurrah for the game.
There’s a bathroom next door, and I’ve prepared a hot bath.
There’s a porpoise close behind us, and he’s treading on my tail.
There’s a trunk-call from London, Sir Walter.
There’s more use in you than I thought.
There’s someone at the counter.
There’s the White Queen running across the country!
There’s trouble about and I’m in it.
These apartments have been recently renovated and are available for viewings.
These apes have lived in this territory for a century.
These are Canadian tourists.
These are a chest of drawers.
These are concepts of the original van design.
These are conventional methods.
These are edge case scenarios, so are not high in the priority list.
These are exciting times.
These are facts, and, as I said, I can face facts.
These are forces of change.
These are good times.
These are grave defects.
These are innovation hubs.
These are innovation incubators.
These are insect Larvae.
These are late hours for working and thinking.
These are locusts.
These are memories of another era.
These are my top grades.
These are our recent hires.
These are our respected benefactors.
These are peaches, these are.
These are standard audio discs.
These are tertiary issues.
These are the best lodgers we ever had.
These are the governing bodies of schools.
These are the hallmarks of game changers.
These are the real feelings that I had.
These are your great grandparents.
These arms upon my neck for the last time!
These bangles are made from pure gold.
These blandishments have entirely won the family heart.
These bones are dating back to two hundred Anno Domini.
These calcium tablets are effervescent.
These country binges are all the same.
These craters are from millions of years ago when dinosaurs walked the planet.
These creams are derived from plant extract.
These details were assuredly the truth.
These diabetic pills help me control my blood sugar levels.
These dogs have been bred to be ultra sensitive to smells.
These entrants all have an entrepreneurial mindset.
These features are now redundant.
These frames are made from graphite.
These ideas are universally accepted.
These jeans are too long, and need to be shortened.
These little ones are always right!
These men might be acting; but if they were, where was their audience?
These objects lie directly within his range.
These old texts have recently been proven to be apocryphal.
These people were all made of china.
These processor designs are confidential.
These quick little joys of hers were sources of joy to him.
These requirements are encompassing all of the details we discussed in our prior meetings.
These rumors may even originate with us.
These things take it out of one, don't they?
These tools are empowering to people living with disabilities.
These two pages seem disjointed and out of place.
These urinals are out of order.
These walls are paper thin, I can hear everyone next door.
These were details, and did not distress her.
These were merely stout sticks an inch or so in diameter.
These were my thoughts about Richard.
These were perplexities and contradictions that I could not account for.
They advance slowly, looking at all these things.
They all expected a judgment.
They all stood still and listened, straining their ears for any sound.
They all went into the house, and left me feeling a precious idiot.
They all went out into the hall.
They are a provocation to thieves.
They are all so brittle!
They are almost new, you see.
They are big trees and require plenty of room.
They are coming ashore, whoever they are.
They are equally unfit for office
They are going to defer taking a decision until the next meeting.
They are greatly delighted with anything that is bright or giveth a sound.
They are having eggs and bacon and champagne.
They are his tongue, by which he makes his knowledge articulate.
They are hoping to holiday in the Caribbean.
They are in the same profession, you know, only in different lines.
They are lacking the very necessities of life.
They are lifting her out!
They are my old friends.
They are my weak point.
They are no such thing.
They are not biologists nor sociologists.
They are not regular oyster pirates, Nicholas continued.
They are the loveliest I ever saw.
They are the result of immense thought, and no alteration would be as good.
They are to attack your camp tomorrow night.
They are two separate systems that don't interact.
They are waiting on the shingle—will you come and join the dance?
They arise, roll up and stow away their mattresses.
They asked about you and said they had hoped to meet you here.
They ate dinner at the fifth, and rested for two hours.
They both thought it worthwhile to take first aid courses.
They burst into the room.
They call themselves a customer-centric company.
They came out with me to look at the boy.
They charged one pound seventy-five for postage and packing
They charged over-the-odds prices, I won't use them again.
They closed now until his fingers were like cords of steel.
They clung together for dear life
They conquered their fear.
They continued valiantly to lie, but the truth continued to outrun them.
They could not be together due to cultural differences.
They could not continue their method of producing surpluses.
They couldn't finish the task as they weren't able to find the key
They crept into the passage.
They decided to divorce due to irreconcilable differences in their marriage.
They deliberately created a hostile environment
They descended into the hall close by the main door.
They did not know that Harry was suspected.
They did not reach home until five minutes to three.
They didn't react at all; they simply ignored us.
They didn't throw eggs, or anything?
They didn’t know I was sitting thirty yards off in a rhododendron.
They die in prison, though.
They die out of spite.
They disliked each other from the moment they met.
They do not know that Marthe wrote a letter yesterday night.
They do not know the length of time of incubation.
They don't belong to him, and they never did.
They don't know of him, but he does know of them.
They don't seem able to grasp the simplest thing.
They don't seem to lie in that direction.
They doubled the height.
They dreamed of buying a house together.
They drew their household water supply from a borehole.
They drove to the station and took the train.
They edged nearer, and stood shoulder to shoulder facing their world.
They eventually succeeded after five failed attempts
They exemplify what I have said.
They fascinated me like the bright eyes of a snake.
They finished fourth out of four teams.
They found a master, not an instrument.
They found themselves in a dire situation.
They generally had their meals here.
They give me a month to restore the money.
They got into their car and were out of sight in three minutes.
They had a brilliant invention idea but lacked the funding.
They had a triumphant victory.
They had an argument and aren't talking to each other.
They had an illicit liaison in the gazebo.
They had been carelessly left unbolted.
They had been on the same lay as ourselves.
They had come from the weekly market, and their mouths were full of prices.
They had crossed the bridge; they were in Switzerland.
They had no fixed values, to be altered by adjectives and adverbs.
They had passed the big villas.
They had walked together up the hill to the hotel.
They hallooed at the sight of me, and I waved my hand.
They handled two men already, both grub-thieves.
They have been expectant of a new baby for a few months now.
They have brought in both their people.
They have gone.
They have won popular sentiment through the newspapers.
They helped her to sit up.
They hung on my lips.
They just lay off in the bush and plugged away.
They knew the truth before they reached the entrance of the hotel.
They know that would mean a row and put us on our guard.
They laughed like two happy children.
They lay next to each other in the hay, fast asleep.
They led on, slashing their way through the dense forest.
They let her waltz with them.
They likewise are disinclined to being eaten.
They lit a candle in memory of their dear friend.
They lived in a picturesque community.
They lived in a terrace house, on the wrong side of the tracks
They look as though he had been drumming a piano all his life.
They look at each other, like two pictures.
They look very, very like that sort of thing.
They looked very much alike but behaved completely differently.
They made fatuous comments in the meeting.
They made gains of epic proportions.
They made me get up.
They married, and Celia was born.
They must have been swept away by the chaotic currents.
They obeyed him, and went here and there at his commands.
They only get in the way.
They only had a little thirty thousand dollar fire.
They only lifted seven hundred and fifty.
They ought to pass here some time today.
They pretend to be medics, but in reality they are simply ambulance chasers.
They ran the canoe in and climbed the high earth bank.
They reached the hotel in a few minutes.
They robbed me a few years later.
They saw each other for the first time in Boston.
They seem to put everything upon Bill!
They settled off the coast in a remote village.
They shook hands upon it laughingly, but in deep earnestness.
They sneaked into the cinema.
They spent their summer at Lockwood camp.
They spent weeks digging the pond.
They spoke Bangla in Bangladesh.
They spoke in whispers.
They stood in the darkness listening.
They stood looking at one another, white and trembling.
They stopped at the gate.
They tell me I owe more than that.
They tell me downstairs that your wife is here.
They thanked him much for that.
They told me they were going to take me away.
They too have their story.
They took a bike ride on the forest trails.
They took her upstairs into the big bedroom overlooking the lake.
They took refuge on the central reservation of the dual carriageway
They trained together at the police academy.
They translated it but changed some things.
They travelled on to New York via London Heathrow
They used relu as an activation function for this problem.
They vary in their number.
They very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun.
They waited outside the exit while the passengers gave up their tickets.
They walked accordingly up the hill.
They walked and talked for most of the afternoon.
They walked carefully through the china country.
They went downstairs and entered Ricardo's motor car.
They went on many adventures together.
They went out again into the garden.
They were arch rivals, now they're best friends.
They were artists, not biologists.
They were at the righthand side of the door.
They were babbling and chattering all together.
They were both under the age of consent.
They were counting on sneaking in to the venue unobserved
They were deep in the primeval forest.
They were descending the stairs.
They were following the shore of a lake.
They were found under the floor of the bedroom.
They were from two disparate communities.
They were going to arrest her and her accomplices.
They were going to spend the day relaxing.
They were hiding in the garden.
They were ladies of the night.
They were left behind by somebody.
They were less stooped than we, less springy in their movements.
They were letters from the lodger's sweetheart, signed.
They were looking for something, and moved towards the mill.
They were made in London.
They were not the only objects of Mr. Collins's admiration.
They were not welcomed home very cordially by their mother.
They were on the great journey to Geneva.
They were overpowered afresh by his uncommon generosity.
They were planning to get married in June.
They were playing follow my leader when Erica fell into the lake.
They were quietly absorbed into the landscape.
They were removing her pearl necklace, her bracelets, and her rings.
They were seated now, near together.
They were seen together, walking slowly in the direction of the villa.
They were terribly bruised.
They were the presage of storm.
They were three hundred yards apart.
They were two cushions, both indented, and indented in different ways.
They were waiting for strange things to happen in the darkness.
They will be found there.
They will do nothing until dark.
They will search for us between their camp and Churchill.
They would come into the recess and see him.
They would keep the girl until she came to Geneva.
They would not let me into the garden.
They wouldn't be sweeping a big vessel like the Martha.
They'll do as they are?
They're a holding company.
They're not coming, are they?
They've broken off their engagement.
They, too, had been carelessly left unbolted.
They, too, think that she let in the murderers.
They’d pick me up again in a minute, they would!
They’ll do well enough; don’t be particular—Here, Bill!
They’re both gone to the town.
They’re in the dining-room having whiskies-and-sodas.
They’re not going to let their guests be murdered.
Things began to look black for Harry.
Things did happen occasionally, even in this God-forgotten metropolis.
Think of investing in such an adventure.
Think of their rage, their stupefaction, and finally their fear!
Think twice before you come here again.
Thirst was my chief torment.
Thirty pounds, said the captain with finality.
Thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-nine, forty-two, forty-seven.
This Otorhinolaryngologist treated my hearing problems.
This a forum for experts.
This a most infamous coach.
This aching heart, for instance.
This afternoon you shall go to Brinkley Court, an honoured guest.
This airport does intercontinental flights.
This also became part of the daily schedule.
This app is not ready for everyday use.
This apparently struck Gussie as a reasonable explanation.
This appears to be a pleasant spot.
This application will work on any computer.
This area is under construction.
This area used to be surrounded by factories.
This assignment is incomplete.
This aunt, I perceived, must fall into line with my other clients.
This boy appears to be totally lacking in Scripture knowledge.
This bread is past its expiration, but it can be composted.
This bridge has very little structural integrity.
This burger looks like someone took a huge bite out of it.
This business of Angela and me.
This can he charged to nobody.
This candidate is a recent graduate with no experience.
This cannot be done by wolfing sausages.
This car can attain speeds up to one hundred miles per hour.
This car runs on gas.
This car runs on gasoline.
This charity three-d prints open source prosthetics for amputees.
This comic book was published in the fifties.
This community is a model example of cohesion and community spirit.
This contrasted to what we were told last year.
This conversation is being recorded for quality assurance purposes.
This could restore optimism and boost morale.
This decent common-place dwelling was not what I had expected.
This deed was done last night at ten o'clock.
This delighted Charley, and her face was brighter than before.
This demonstrates the anxiety of our times.
This design will be too expensive.
This desirable property is in Chancery, of course.
This did seem to complicate matters somewhat.
This dismal weather makes me want to go back on holiday.
This document is a draft, and is open for discussion
This document is in the public domain.
This document is not properly cited.
This does not improve the legibility of his notes.
This dogma has been challenged.
This e-book can be shared freely but for non-commercial uses only.
This epitomizes the lack of concern people have been showing for their neighbours.
This explains the patterns we are seeing in the sample audience.
This fellow approaches as he speaks.
This fiscal year.
This fruit is native to the region.
This gateway will give trade people access to wholesale prices.
This goes straight back to the house!
This graduation certificate symbolizes the years of hard work I put in.
This gun has a heck of a recoil.
This hackathon is being hosted to inspire the next generation of innovators and disruptors.
This has a dual-core processor.
This has a quad-core processor.
This has been a trying ordeal for you.
This has been designed for children.
This held her.
This holiday we’ll be touring with our caravan, stopping each night at caravan parks
This image has been released under a creative commons attribution license.
This in its turn he moved quickly aside.
This is a Fire door, please keep shut.
This is a London particular.
This is a binding contract.
This is a categorical problem for sure.
This is a common experience with all of us.
This is a complex instruction set computer.
This is a cross-terrain electric vehicle.
This is a deep dive course into Machine Learning for Dot Net.
This is a diesel free zone.
This is a freehold property.
This is a good segway into the next topic.
This is a hallway, not a football stadium!
This is a holy book for Christians.
This is a major setback.
This is a multi-pack deal.
This is a newly minted coin.
This is a quick start primer.
This is a reduced instruction set computer.
This is a regular donor.
This is a safe place.
This is a serious charge, George.
This is a serious matter for both of you.
This is a strange and curious story you are telling me.
This is a stub page.
This is a tenet of the software pattern.
This is a tensor processor.
This is a toilet sewer drain pipe.
This is a valued patron.
This is a volunteer organization, not a social club.
This is adaptive code which can run on different platforms.
This is an Eat All You Like restaurant.
This is an aggregate score.
This is an alternate website design you can choose from.
This is an ancient film.
This is an essential part of civilized society.
This is an important historical site, and we need to preserve it.
This is an important subject.
This is an incubator for innovation.
This is an infographic.
This is an ultralight case.
This is an unsuitable typeset for a professional document.
This is cutting edge stuff!.
This is domestic produce.
This is doubly true when you have to less time on your hands.
This is eighteen eighty.
This is females only changing room.
This is for company use only.
This is fresh non-pasteurized milk.
This is full-fat milk.
This is fully skimmed milk.
This is industry four point zero.
This is leasehold land.
This is merely in passing.
This is my favorite song!
This is my fifth voyage.
This is my frugal breakfast.
This is my last will and testament.
This is no place for you.
This is non-conventional.
This is not a professional attendance.
This is not a real robot, it's just an animatron.
This is not in the scope of the project.
This is not your resolution; call it up, Esther, call it up!
This is our Artificial Intelligence Resident, Ayaan.
This is our company charter.
This is our dining area.
This is public domain content.
This is purpose built.
This is semi-skimmed milk.
This is skimmed milk.
This is splendid news.
This is strong language, William.
This is supposed to be the age of enlightenment.
This is the Gross National Product.
This is the attack as it should have been delivered.
This is the consignment number for your order.
This is the designated car park for visitors.
This is the driest thing I know.
This is the earthly punishment I have brought upon myself.
This is the family ranch.
This is the garden of Lincoln's Inn.
This is the gross domestic product.
This is the hall of champions in the history of martial arts.
This is the highest level of abstraction in our system.
This is the latest incarnation of an automatically rechargeable electric vehicle.
This is the real tabasco.
This is the signal for a general settlement of the audience.
This is the strongest candidate for the role.
This is the young lady.
This is to be hushed up if it can be.
This is totally over my head.
This is used across-the-board.
This is where the bird lives and sings.
This is your personal hotel suite.
This island is inhabited by rare turtles.
This light and the gate opened and reopened aroused my suspicions.
This lizard looks weird.
This lounger is not shabby yet, but that will come.
This made him almost grave.
This made me a bit dubious, I must confess.
This may end badly.
This means that the conference has been pushed back a month.
This might be worth a look.
This molecular structure is unlike anything I've ever seen.
This morning, ma'am; I found him at the corner of the town.
This morose person lent them, and we wore them out.
This movie requires parental supervision.
This must be very sore.
This narrow squeak has made me come over all faint.
This neighbourhood is rated the best in the country.
This new development had quickened it.
This one hope was destroyed as quickly as it was born.
This only has a single core processor.
This ornament is from the Aztec era and has survived the harshest climate.
This other gentleman is in the preaching line, I think?
This paper is remarkable, who wrote it?
This paper lacks references and bibliography.
This paper was cried last night through the streets of Geneva.
This path will lead you to your destination.
This phone is defective.
This photo was dedicated as a throwback to the seventies.
This picture is asymmetric.
This practically incessant merriment, I mean.
This price is subject to availability.
This report gives insights into the best practices for creating algorithms.
This requirement is out of the scope of the project.
This resource is aimed at advanced students of engineering.
This restaurant has the best hygiene score.
This room was brightly lit; and it had been made ready.
This room, at all events, was not empty.
This rot of being engaged to Gussie.
This scripture text has thirty Verses.
This section is wordy, it needs to be shortened.
This seemed to me absolute gibbering.
This sentence contains abbreviations.
This should whet your appetite.
This soft drink brewery has survived generations.
This sound did not disturb the hush and awe of the place.
This spear is from the bronze age.
This standards institution sets the principles for new technology.
This state of mind comes of an undue prominence of the ego.
This structure has stood for decades.
This style is the last word of fashion.
This supermarket sells shoes, food, nappies, car parts... the works!.
This surprised you, no doubt?
This table is very unstable.
This tacit promise of continued acquaintance gave Saxon a little joy-thrill.
This tactical flashlight is ridiculously overpriced.
This tech has the potential to change lives.
This the Iron Heel foresaw and laid its schemes accordingly.
This time Alice waited patiently until it chose to speak again.
This time he did not yap for mercy.
This time it was a White Knight.
This time she shook the pumpkin.
This time there were two little shrieks, and more sounds of broken glass.
This touched the spot.
This town was designed for a consumerist lifestyle.
This unlikely trio is bucking the trend and making a huge profit.
This uses the Cisc processor architecture.
This uses the Risc processor architecture.
This uses word embeddings.
This was a puzzler.
This was his unvarying reply.
This was my first gain from my illness.
This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation.
This was one way of getting rid of the car.
This was the utmost description Ada could give me.
This was to be the last of the meetings.
This was when the explosion occurred.
This water is not safe for consumption.
This will bring down my weight and my handicap, Bob.
This will plug the leak.
This wire clinches it.
This woman with the red hair — she is in Geneva.
This year's flu vaccine doesn't seem very effective
This young boy is a total genius.
This young woman has been my lodger for some weeks back.
This young woman is honoured with my Lady's notice and favour.
This, of course, was entirely foreign to my policy.
Thor was one of the Norse gods.
Thorpe and his men were to destroy this camp, and kill you.
Those are my oysters, he said at last.
Those aspects were roundly condemned by the critics.
Those deep black eyes!
Those farming techniques are from a bygone era.
Those fellows behind were hefty men on their native heath.
Those gentry left nothing to chance.
Those interests are now paramount in this office.
Those perishers are all down on a poor man.
Those purple socks, for instance.
Those were her words, monsieur.
Those were resounding words.
Those were the words, and the woman was obviously honest.
Those whom the gods wish to destroy, they first make mad.
Those wistful eyes of hers!
Though I forgot how much it was and when it was.
Though his services were rendered quite gratuitously.
Though the aurora still flamed, another day had begun.
Thought I, and a worthy fool he proved.
Three oilers and a fourth engineer, was his greeting.
Three or four hours were not a long time after years.
Three sacks below are quite enough for him.
Three times pinched, but never once sentenced under the correct label.
Three unidentified naval vessels are heading for the peninsula.
Three were men and one a woman, and all were oddly dressed.
Three, four, five, guineas, you would consider handsome, I dare say.
Three-D printing is expected to democratize manufacturing.
Through the desert that lay before her, she must go alone.
Through the glass, Gussie was staring down.
Through the skylight? You mean he's sitting on the roof?
Throughout the millenia, humanity has always strived to innovate.
Thus ended Mrs. Dean’s story.
Thus had the raw wilderness prepared him for this day.
Thus he turned the tenets and jargon of psychology back on me.
Thus my conjectures get more and more support.
Thus only could suspicion be averted from herself.
Thus was momentum gained in the Younger World.
Tight controls are in effect to prevent software piracy.
Tim allegedly shocked Finn, Ash is looking into it.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Time is a great healer.
Time is no object here.
Time to get up! Rise and shine!
Time will be lost, and we have no time to lose.
Timing is essential when telling a good joke.
Tip them the wink, and they’ll take extra precautions.
Tires should have a suitable tread depth for better grip.
To Ada and to me, that above all appeared the pervading influence.
To Mr. Ricardo the words were startling.
To Ricardo the proceedings seemed singularly irregular.
To advise on patent law, we need the services of an intellectual property specialist
To all who listened, her story carried conviction.
To annoy Gill, you only need to spell her name Jill.
To avoid catastrophe, backup your data.
To avoid getting bitten, please use insect repellent
To be able to see Nobody! And at that distance, too!
To be healthy you should eat five portions of fruit and veg every day
To be honest, I don’t think she has much of a conscience.
To be or not to be
To become better at what you know.
To change gears you need to use the gear-lever
To constrain content piracy, digital rights management technology was introduced.
To dominate the self-driving car revolution.
To fix a poster to a noticeboard you should use a drawing pin
To fix this problem we'll have to involve the specialists.
To get from London to Bath you need to drive down the motorway
To her the bridge was tambo, which is the native for taboo.
To his surprise, her answer was flat and uncompromising.
To inspire, we need to work diligently.
To interrupt it carried a subtle suggestion of anarchy.
To keep 'em safe, sir, don't you see?
To know things otherwise were to be unfashionable.
To make royal icing for a wedding cake you’re going to need icing sugar
To me it was all very natural.
To minimize friction it is better to keep people apprised.
To mitigate disruptions, we ask event organizers to arrive early.
To my dearest and always appreciated friend, I submit myself.
To my knowledge I never heard it.
To my surprise he began to show actual enthusiasm in my favor.
To overcome procrastination, tackle one task at a time.
To post a letter, look for a red postbox or pillar box
To return to the letter.
To save time, use a graph plotting library to visualize data.
To say the least, Captain Cook was a rather thorough going empiricist.
To shine an unflinching light.
To take your bicycle on the train, put it in the guard’s van
To that spot, then, they returned.
To the very last, and even afterwards, her frown remained unsoftened.
To the woman, the whole business was as serious as the most solemn ceremonial.
To these he gave castor oil.
To think of it!
To this, however, I paid scant attention.
To what degree?
To what end, Thomas?
To what extent would you agree?
To which she replied that the chef wasn't going.
To which your reply will be that there jolly well is.
To whom it may concern.
To whom should I address the letter?
To whom was he speaking?
To you I’ve made myself worse than the devil.
Toast tastes best with butter.
Today, however, they were not playing.
Together they ate the rabbit.
Tom Spink has a harpoon.
Tom resigned, as he wasn't feeling valued at work.
Tom's devoted to me.
Tomato Risotto.
Tomorrow I'm going after that bear, he said.
Tomorrow it will be strong enough for you to stand upon.
Tomorrow or next day it might he gone.
Tonight she must not fail.
Tonight, at all events, he shall sleep.
Tony cried out, looking up for an instant.
Tony ends this with a groan.
Tony shakes his head; I don't know.
Too many holidaymakers can be a nuisance
Too much depended on their success for them to take any risks.
Too much, he told me, with ominous rolling head.
Tortilla chips are tasty.
Toto did not like it.
Touched and gratified.
Tough luck on both of them.
Tour de France revived interest in cycling and healthy living in our community.
Tracey volunteered to manage the young woman.
Traffic lights ensure we avoid crashes at junctions.
Trainers is another word for sneakers
Tramping high and low, are they?
Transcribed from the original.
Transmission Layer Security keeps us safe while browsing the web.
Transportation or the gallows for anybody who touches the property!
Treacle can sometimes be used in cooking as a sweetener
Trial and error. The only way.
True heroes don't profit from the suffering of others.
Trump supporters are screaming that the election was rigged.
Truncate the spaces before and after the text.
Trustees are accountable to stakeholders for their decisions.
Try again: draw a long breath, and shut your eyes.
Try another subtraction sum.
Try googling for more recommendations.
Try some of this salad.
Try some of this salmon.
Try, try, and try again.
Tudor surveyed him with withering disgust.
Tuesday dawned bright and sunny, but by lunchtime it had started to rain
Tuna is expensive.
Tuna tastes great with bread.
Tuppy and Angela are once more betrothed.
Tuppy seemed perturbed.
Tuppy was standing in the hall.
Tuppy was walking up and down the path, all by himself.
Turn off the lights.
Turn that Dormouse out of court!
Turn the dial down will you?
Turn the volume up to eleven.
Turn up the bass.
Turned you down?
Turning towards the door, he now caught sight of us.
Tutankhamen was an Egyptian pharaoh.
Tweedledee began instantly.
Tweedledum looked round him with a satisfied smile.
Twenty ways with a kumquat.
Twice I lost my way, and I had some nasty falls into peat-bogs.
Twilight makes you feel sad.
Twitter users can be extraordinarily sexist
Two days ago Jeanne learned where her father's men were hiding.
Two fifty would be bad enough, but better than that.
Two gigantic owls were tearing at the carcass.
Two major companies made an alliance to compliment each other's limitations.
Two minds with but a single thought.
Two of the Folk were already up.
Two subjects I forbid — must forbid.
Two weeks passed, and in that time Thorpe left camp three times.
Two years ago I gave up civilization for this.
Typhoid -- did I tell you.
Um... sure, she said, lying.
Unbridled data sharing is not beneficial to the user.
Uncle Henry never laughed.
Uncle Tom did it, if you remember.
Uncle Tom grunted approvingly.
Uncle Tom said we must get in through a window.
Unconsciously, our yells and exclamations yielded to this rhythm.
Unconstrained parameterization can intransitively affect proper backfitting.
Under spirit-control no one is clever.
Under these circumstances it's understandable.
Understand this in the first place.
Unemployment can be reduced by creating an environment for businesses to thrive.
Unethical companies take an exploitative approach to hiring people to keep wages low.
Unethical data practices will damage user trust.
Unfortunately he is no snuff-taker.
Unfortunately, her cancer relapsed after twenty years.
Universal basic income sounds good.
Unless pie-eyed, you cannot hope to grip.
Unlike Joshua, he stood in no need of divine assistance.
Unlike most websites, we're not forcing people to subscribe to our newsletters.
Unslinging his gun, he restrained himself from his Sunday occupations no longer.
Until I die, he exclaimed.
Until the Day of Judgment.
Unto us a boy is born.
Untreated sewage would pollute the rivers.
Up and down he went, back and forth — zig-zagging, twisting, doubling and turning.
Up to the time she went to Cannes Angela loved me.
Upon take-off, the plane begins its elegant ascent.
Upon that point the doctor is quite, quite certain.
Upon that, my godmother said, "You may go upstairs, Esther!"
Upon the dark lake the reflections of lamps rippled and shook.
Upon the floor there was some dark mould.
Upon the whole, very proper.
Upon their faces was reflected now the stupefaction of the man.
Upon this dressing-table there was a small pot of cold cream.
Upon this signal, the youngest of her daughters put herself forward.
Upset is right.
Upside down apple cake.
Uptime indicates this computer has never been restarted.
Upvote the comment if you like it, or downvote it if you disagree.
Use a flannel to wash your face, not a towel
Use butter moderately.
Use glitter that naturally breaks down.
Use the snowball method to become free of debt sooner.
Use this cream sparingly.
Used, then, by whom?
User authentication is required.
Users must authenticate credentials first.
Using contextual analysis, machine learning algorithms can make predictions that make sense.
Using decomposition we can find the final value.
Utterly confounded, Mr. George stands looking at the knocker.
Vaccines give protection from previously common viruses like Polio.
Vaccines have nearly eradicated Polio occurrences.
Vainly she cried to herself, "I must not fail tonight."
Valentine's Day is on February fourteenth, but I don't have a valentine.
Vanessa postponed taking her children to the doctor.
Vanilla cupcakes forever.
Vastly different was the Gussie who stood before me now.
Vegetable produce is a vital export for many countries.
Vertebrate populations are critically dependent upon insect numbers.
Very absurd, to be a little rambling, is it not?
Very apt, sir.
Very early in my life, I separated from my mother.
Very experienced physicians are debating the best solution.
Very few people knew of the existence of this law.
Very happy to have the honour!
Very kind indeed.
Very likely her eyes were growing used to the darkness.
Very mortifying, is it not?
Very pleasant, thank you, Jeeves.
Very proud to have the honour!
Very slowly and cautiously he opened the door.
Very soon afterwards we stopped.
Very vividly, sir.
Very well expressed and all that.
Very well, then, Jeeves.
Very well, then.
Very well, will that be all?
Very, very kind.
Vicky is a Christian.
Vicky is very knowledgeable on the politics of migration.
Victims have been made to feel marginalised.
Viewpoints surrounding this issue have been contested for generations.
Violation of this law was made a high misdemeanor and punished accordingly.
Violent life and athletic sports had never appealed to me.
Vitriol has no place in this forum.
Voice first technology is a user experience designed to work with only speech.
Voice recognition should work for people who speak with a lisp.
Voice systems need to be more forgiving of people who cannot speak clearly.
Volunteer Medical workers save many lives by giving vulnerable people health-care access
Volunteers are the backbone of non-governmental humanitarian aid organizations.
Wada and Nakata were in a bit of a funk.
Wada, Louis, and the steward are servants of Asiatic breed.
Wait a second.
Wait one half-moment.
Wait yet a little. I am not finished.
Waiter, could I have the bill please?
Waiting on everybody.
Waitrose has run out of aubergines
Wakey, wakey! Rise and shine!
Walks by night, does she?
Warm Croissant tastes better.
Warning! Obstruction ahead.
Was any one inside the car?
Was any petrol taken?
Was he to have the answer now?
Was it a five-pound note?
Was it not you who threw away that orange juice?
Was it the Red King, Kitty? Which do you think it was?
Was it the rendezvous of those who were striving to work his ruin.
Was she alone in the room?
Was she in a shop?
Was that a hand which touched me?
Was that a passenger train or a goods train?
Was the murder committed during the interval when she was upstairs?
Was the salon dark when she came down again?
Was there ever a room better tended?
Was there much more of it after I went?
Was there something you wanted to see me about?
Was this room empty, too?
Was you ever modelled now?
Was your father in the same way of life as yourself?
Wash it out altogether.
Wash your hands of me.
Washing machines are pervasive in the developed world.
Wassail, wassail all over the town.
Waste disposal workers help keep our communities clean.
Watching plants grow over time, is a satisfying experience.
Water had made the book crumpled and unreadable.
Water scarcity has troubled the region.
Water tastes different regionally.
Wave-particle duality.
Way to go little buddy!.
We Scripture-knowledge sharks stick together.
We Woosters can bite the bullet.
We advise you to save money regularly for a rainy day.
We agreed to a deal of fifty thousand pounds for the house.
We aim to accommodate reasonable requests.
We aim to please
We all can contribute to humanitarian causes for the common good.
We all drew nearer to the cages, feigning to examine the birds.
We all have the power to help at least one person.
We all have the power to help one person.
We all knew that would be an environmental catastrophe.
We all strive to seek fulfilment in our lives.
We all thought it was hilarious.
We already drove past the rural areas.
We always try to take our customers’ likes and dislikes into account.
We anticipate it will snow tomorrow and advise students to stay at home.
We appreciate your cooperation Mr Doe.
We are a homogeneous community.
We are a subsidiary of this parent company.
We are able to adapt to changes.
We are activating your subscription.
We are all of us a little low sometimes.
We are allowed to speak our views.
We are altogether wrong.
We are anticipating over five hundred guests will arrive so require a suitable hall.
We are assessing the impact of Brexit on our business model.
We are both children together.
We are breaking down barriers.
We are captivated by another persons imagination and storytelling skills.
We are caught up in our lives while growing older.
We are change makers working hard to make the world better for everyone.
We are coming to the pot of cream.
We are consumed in our own flesh-pots.
We are continuously looking for hard-working professionals.
We are cooking on the coal stove and on the oil burners.
We are deeply regretful about this.
We are determining who we should take on.
We are doing too little to save the planet.
We are enhancing the black and white photo.
We are facilitating people with mobility issues easy access in our facility.
We are facing new frontiers.
We are fortunate we don't need to do backbreaking work.
We are fueling the factory using only geothermal and hydro-electric energy.
We are giving them no rest.
We are going green and cutting our carbon emissions.
We are going to discuss with Pierre on Monday.
We are going to go bigger and better or go home.
We are hailing the starship but it will not respond.
We are happily married.
We are hoping to meet up with Margaret and Steve in a fortnight's time.
We are in the Milky Way Galaxy.
We are looking for a house with some character.
We are looking for donations to cover the architect’s fees.
We are looking for efficiencies in the engine design.
We are looking for people with innovative ideas.
We are making breakthroughs.
We are never to get out of Chancery!
We are not as mercenary as that, sir.
We are not in a flourishing state of circumstances here, sir.
We are not related by blood, but he is like a brother.
We are not so dissimilar to one another.
We are now headquartered in the Republic of Ireland.
We are on the cusp of a big breakthrough.
We are only servants.
We are plagued by daily errors.
We are really spinning along.
We are redefining the industry.
We are responsible for the welfare of our children.
We are restoring it to its former glory.
We are running a diagnostic on the engine control unit.
We are scaling up our workforce.
We are seeing the miniaturization of many technologies.
We are still in the nascent phase of implementation.
We are tackling these challenges on several fronts.
We are taught the periodic table in high school.
We are the proud parents of three children.
We are to meet as usual?
We are travelling at fifteen knots.
We are very much obliged to you!
We are working on breaking the cycle of poverty.
We arrived at his house on a Saturday.
We asked if that were a friend of Richard's.
We asked the passer-by to capture some photos for us.
We attended a seminar on the summative assessment of practical science.
We become wiser with age.
We began saving up for our first home.
We belong to this country alone, and cannot leave it.
We booked a room with Airbnb.
We both grub on in a muddle.
We bring disparate pieces of information to your fingertips.
We broke up for the holidays last week
We built the system overnight at the Hackathon.
We can all learn to coexist with each other.
We can amuse ourselves with your rigmaroles afterwards.
We can avoid confirmation bias by broadening our perspectives.
We can avoid the deterioration of health by looking after our bodies.
We can certify that the system meets all the required standards.
We can compile a list of the cheapest items you are looking for.
We can create a Utopian future.
We can create sustained benefit.
We can do without lobsters, you know.
We can email them to you daily.
We can experience richer lives in old age by looking after our body.
We can get close to it.
We can hardly hear ourselves talk.
We can lower carbon emissions by making manufacturing less dependent on fossil fuels.
We can lower emissions by using less and wasting less.
We can make rare things abundant by lowering the costs to produce them.
We can make resource scarcity disappear using technology.
We can market products relevant to customers.
We can now predict if someone will get Cancer.
We can only see what we think is possible.
We can polish your car for ten pounds.
We can predict the future, using data from the past.
We can still be friends.
We can tailor it to your needs.
We can tie the components together holistically at the end.
We can't afford these systemic errors.
We can't come back and search for a little while.
We can't cook anything whatever.
We can't pretend it never happened.
We can't undo our mistakes.
We cannot absolve ourselves if algorithms make mistakes.
We cannot be seen from the hotel.
We cannot blame algorithms for failures.
We can’t fit much more shopping in that trolley
We caught an eel and let it go again.
We charge a call out fee of five dollars.
We collected fifteen bags of rubbish from the beach.
We combined our incomes to put down a deposit for the mortgage.
We convened at one pm.
We could be liable.
We could conceivably live in this type of house.
We could not agree on the colour of our carpets.
We could throw stones with our feet.
We designed it to be fool-proof.
We detected an abnormal heart rhythm.
We detected anomalies in the network traffic.
We did an end-to-end validation test.
We did stress testing for five days straight.
We did, little swine that we were.
We do not charge a fee to transact on our platform.
We do not get a commission for sales, we're just here to help.
We do not have any appointments listed under your name.
We do not infringe on copyrights.
We do not need to suffer depression alone, talk to someone.
We don't need to go into granular details like that.
We don't pretend to do it.
We don't see ourselves as foolish.
We don't want our mum's condition to deteriorate.
We don't want people trying to game the system.
We drove along the winding road.
We drove to a quaint village.
We entreated Mrs. Badger not to mention it.
We expect libraries to be properly resourced and staffed by dedicated professionals.
We felt that he must be very interesting.
We fished sharks on Niihau together.
We flatter ourselves if we think we understand relativity.
We fostered a baby boy.
We found a suede sofa on sale.
We found five new vulnerabilities in the span of eight days.
We found that the postman was rather wary of our labrador
We give employees the flexibility to choose their projects.
We go to the theatre and the opera for our fix of culture
We go together, then.
We got few vegetables and fruits, and became fish eaters.
We had a fantastic weekend in Berlin.
We had a period of instability but we're doing ok now.
We had a visitor next day.
We had already left for the station.
We had an intermittent blackout of electricity, but it's working now.
We had arrived at the main entrance of Market Snodsbury Grammar School.
We had been chased by them ourselves, more than once.
We had good times.
We had it for lunch today.
We had no downtime this year. It's an achievement to celebrate.
We had other visitors besides Ada.
We had our little festivities on those occasions and exchanged social ideas.
We had our work experience session at the local chambers of commerce.
We had stopped, and the waggon had stopped too.
We had to cross by ferry to Greece.
We had to find out the number.
We had to find some way of narrowing the possibilities.
We hadn't, ourselves, considered that.
We have a commitment to delivering on time.
We have a commitment to renewable sources.
We have a harmonious relationship with our neighbours.
We have a limited budget and need to complete this frugally.
We have a meeting in the boardroom.
We have a very committed licensee in Singapore.
We have all been mistaken over and over again.
We have all denominations of currency.
We have already had conversations over Slack chat.
We have also optimised our supply chain.
We have arranged an inter-branch transfer of stock.
We have astonished them already.
We have been gifted with many bounties in our life.
We have been married above two months.
We have been mentioning Mrs. Jellyby.
We have been through ten iterations, this time it will work!.
We have bikes for all ages and sizes.
We have called him in to discuss his intentions.
We have come out of a recession.
We have decided to move to another outlet.
We have detected some abnormalities.
We have diagnosed cysts under the skin.
We have experience in system-on-chip manufacturing.
We have far too many meetings
We have five distribution centres.
We have found an anomaly in the earth's crust.
We have gone into them, and he has not.
We have identified a defect in the lighting system.
We have installed car barriers outside the office.
We have insufficient data.
We have large vans available for hire.
We have lived plainly enough here, Phil and I.
We have made innovations in the industry.
We have never been readers in our family.
We have not much to go upon.
We have one yottabyte of data.
We have only processed a fraction of the dataset.
We have plenty of capital ourselves, and yet we want more.
We have prepared a room for you in the guest house.
We have searched the room.
We have seen an explosion of exponential growth in data.
We have some, no doubt, in the house.
We have suffered grievously in recent years from chronic underfunding.
We have suffered under the misfortune of austerity.
We have the role of being the caretakers of this planet.
We have three boxes of noodles remaining.
We have to arrive at a solution via an interactive process.
We have to be quick.
We have to stay ahead of the curve.
We have uploaded the new version to the Dev server.
We have weak armor and we're severely outnumbered.
We hired a contractor the plaster the passageway and loft.
We hired a personal tour guide on our trip to Istanbul.
We hired former silicon roundabout employees.
We host our data on-premise for independence from third-party decisions.
We initiated a data cleanup which will take several hours.
We know all that there is to be known.
We know nothing of him.
We know now how he did it.
We know something now.
We leave in two days.
We leave the eventuality to time and law.
We left him at a milestone.
We live in an interconnected society.
We live individualized lives.
We locked horns but worked it out in the end.
We looked at each other, awed.
We made incremental changes to the website, rather than one large update.
We made inquiries about you, Mr Hannay, and found you were respectable.
We made several assumptions while building the algorithm.
We mainly use Python and Tensorflow on our startup.
We may assume, then, that Celia was changing her dress at that time.
We may come with you?
We may need all our strength tomorrow.
We may need your help after all.
We met a group of Glaswegians on holiday.
We must achieve our own salvation.
We must act.
We must advertise it.
We must all agree in that.
We must anaesthetize the skin first.
We must be cautious while crossing a busy junction.
We must decide upon a day.
We must design systems so they will benefit everyone
We must engage a good one for you.
We must establish a connection to the network.
We must give ourselves and not our money alone.
We must go first to his office.
We must just amuse ourselves till he comes back.
We must make sure no one is left behind in the tech revolution.
We must not be so ready to fancy ourselves intentionally injured.
We must prevent bad actors from stealing visitors data.
We must resist the temptation to waste time and energy.
We must save the unfortunate blighter, Jeeves.
We must spare nothing that will restore her.
We must take care of our dear Caroline, Miss Summerson.
We must talk about it!
We must treat people humanely.
We must trust to you and time to set him right.
We mustn't forget to pack a flannel.
We need better ways of averting cancer.
We need her more than ever
We need more empathy between patients and doctors.
We need more funding if we're going to finish the project.
We need people to put more effort into spreading happiness.
We need reproducible research.
We need to accelerate our digital transformation.
We need to adequately plan before starting development.
We need to admit her to the hospital.
We need to analyse the situation before taking action.
We need to avoid burnout and attrition.
We need to avoid false positives in medical diagnoses.
We need to avoid misdiagnoses.
We need to calibrate the laser before you can continue measuring the building.
We need to change the terms of the contract, or to cancel it
We need to check the stock, and make sure that we have enough inventory
We need to conserve water until the water supply is restored again.
We need to correlate the data and understand what is happening.
We need to cover a broader range of topics for dealing with homelessness.
We need to create a circular economy.
We need to cultivate business leaders in our community from a young age.
We need to decrease our spending during this time of inflation.
We need to defer some tasks to meet our deadlines.
We need to deliberate over this matter.
We need to discuss your experimentation.
We need to double-down on recruiting more people from diverse backgrounds.
We need to examine our assumptions.
We need to get the bottom of this
We need to look further forward than the near-term goals
We need to make an adjustment to the wheel alignment of your car.
We need to make sure this doesn't happen again.
We need to map the topology of these networks.
We need to move to a safer place than here.
We need to probe the system for the cause of the failure.
We need to replace defective tiles, and possibly timbers.
We need to seek Amy.
We need to seek a balanced investment by spreading the risk.
We need to seek a broad-based consensus.
We need to seek counsel before going ahead with the sale.
We need to segregate the cats from the dogs.
We need to stop recyclable waste ending up in a landfill.
We need to take a holistic approach.
We need to take an interdisciplinary approach.
We need to work on that in parallel.
We never have a servant who doesn't drink.
We never have tunes here.
We never know what time it is, and we never care.
We never made another migration.
We normally ride out at the crack of dawn.
We offer flexible repayment options.
We only have a handful left.
We only sell organic food.
We ought to be able to persuade Matthew and Robbie to help.
We ought to have patience, all of us.
We parked by the seashore.
We parked the boat near the docks.
We passed just one man.
We perform more and more interactions online.
We perspire when we feel too hot.
We plan to go to Tokyo again.
We played hide and go seek.
We played outside.
We plough the fields and scatter.
We practice evidence-based medicine.
We pride ourselves on our integrity to deliver reliable products.
We provide a premier service.
We reach the garden in our launch.
We reached an amicable settlement.
We reached an inflexion point.
We read of it with the greatest interest.
We received a letter discerning the unpaid balance.
We received a letter regarding the unpaid balance.
We recovered from the brink of a financial crisis.
We reduced the number of errors by sixty percent.
We regularly see advertisements while browsing online.
We requested the marketing agency sign a non-disclosure agreement before continuing.
We require a business requirements document from yourselves before we can start.
We rode dune buggies over the dune sands of Dubai.
We said yes, as she seemed to expect us to say so.
We saw your light, and thought you wouldn't mind a call.
We see convergences of different technologies.
We see the best in humanity when we help each other.
We seem to be lacking alcohol.
We segmented the mammoth task.
We sell an assortment of screws.
We sent a batch of wedding invitations this morning.
We set up a canopy in the back garden.
We shall all three dine together early in town, and return here.
We shall be in time.
We shall do it in time.
We shall get on famously.
We shall have him.
We shall make good our title.
We shall meet no more.
We shall return home this day week.
We shall use the recess.
We shook hands and struck up a sort of friendship.
We should be able to get some posts from the timber merchant
We should be on line to hit or even exceed our quarterly targets.
We should be outraged by the chronic underfunding of our social services.
We should find another dataset instead of only using mnist.
We should meet again in about a fortnight
We should never have gone down that road.
We should not be basing all of our work on a flawed idea.
We should not jump to conclusions until they have had the opportunity to speak.
We should not take for granted how fortunate we have been.
We should speak to the undertaker before booking the funeral service
We shouldn't squander money just because it isn't ours.
We simply can't justify the expense.
We spent a few hours just mooching around.
We spent an appropriate amount of time preparing the base of the cake.
We spent the weekend tidying and all things in-between.
We spoke often.
We start from that.
We start with this.
We stopped at the crossroads, uncertain which way to turn
We support contactless payment methods.
We take things for granted while living in abundance.
We tapped at the door and went in.
We then went to her room and discovered her diamonds and her ornaments.
We think that ours is the better view.
We thought it a pity he should go away.
We thought we'd lost you, Jo!
We threaten to be of the one mind before the voyage is completed.
We three Kings of Orient are.
We took a shortcut down the alleyway, but it took longer.
We try not to be too prescriptive with our developers.
We use a distributed backup system.
We use a hybrid digital fabrication process.
We use an agile development approach.
We use an agile work-flow for delivering projects.
We use content delivery networks to reduce latency times around the world.
We use old incandescent light bulbs.
We use the metric system for measurements.
We used a blend of aromatic spices.
We used the imperial measuring system.
We used to have an employee identification number, it's not needed now.
We value your custom.
We visited a beautiful teashop in the Cathedral close.
We visited a nice cosy pub in the New Forest.
We visited the cemetery.
We waited for sunset and watched it descend.
We want more painstaking and search-making into this murder.
We want to include all of our partners in this project.
We want to reduce exclusion and promote inclusion.
We want you to be part of this community.
We wanted to foster children.
We welcome entrepreneurs and investors.
We went from analogue to digital in a short timespan.
We went on holiday in August with our in-laws.
We went out one morning and were married.
We went to the local takeaway for a curry last night
We were all startled by the fervour of this warning.
We were awake from dusk till dawn.
We were connected at once, and I heard a servant’s voice.
We were flooded with calls.
We were gifted a painted canvas for our wedding.
We were lost, so Nate asked for directions.
We were now good friends.
We were overreaching and struggled to deliver.
We were right, I needn't tell the present hearers.
We were soon equipped and went out.
We were taught to solder at secondary school.
We were to stay with them for a month.
We were twelve boarders, and there were two girls, twins.
We who have endured so much surely can endure a little more.
We who were left walked on towards the house.
We will analyze the data and get back to you.
We will assess the risk of flooding in your area.
We will be checking papers for plagiarism.
We will be doing our critical appraisals this afternoon.
We will be going on a trip to the lake district.
We will be recruiting a scrum master.
We will be together forever.
We will come back to you in due course.
We will continue to pursue the criminal until he is apprehended.
We will convene again following lunch.
We will decentralize the server and use a content delivery network instead.
We will design tech so the winners are not concentrated to the few.
We will dine, then.
We will do an audit of expenses next week.
We will endeavour to answer your call within thirty seconds.
We will erase customer data if requested.
We will face the challenges head-on.
We will focus on this niche market.
We will go down to the Villa Rose.
We will go now, and we will take this letter with us.
We will have the car brought out.
We will have to agree to disagree
We will hear about them.
We will infuse the taste of Moroccan and Indian food.
We will leave in twenty minutes.
We will make a formal application for the prisoners.
We will name the ship Aegis.
We will not keep you here.
We will not take up her early history.
We will reconvene at the nearest opportunity.
We will see a period of deflation.
We will see how it plays out.
We will send for a cab.
We will take an aptitude test in the afternoon.
We will test a random set of records.
We will triumph.
We woke at dusk.
We won!
We won't refer to that ever again.
We work hard to always be on the cutting edge of techniques.
We work hard, so our children don't have to.
We would appreciate an appropriate donation
We would appreciate if you contribute feedback at the end of your stay.
We would like to make it up to you.
We would not spend another such night.
We wouldn't be where we are today without the hard work of our ancestors.
We wouldn't have a fellow like that at Eton.
We'd better put them on notice
We'll have to see about that.
We'll have to walk faster if we are to get there in time.
We'll have to watch our chances.
We'll let in the full light.
We'll need to push our way through this thicket.
We're all a little bit dorky at home.
We're at an inflexion point where machine learning is accessible to anyone.
We're at the cutting edge of the industry.
We're busy growing up and forget our parents are also growing old.
We're developing a high bandwidth connection.
We're flying over Iceland next.
We're getting the band back together lads!.
We're going bowling this evening, do you want to join us?
We're going on a field trip to the local art museum.
We're going on holiday in our caravan next month
We're going to Paris for our honeymoon.
We're going to need a shopping trolley for all this shopping
We're going to table this for next week.
We're going to take a more hands-off approach and give you more freedom.
We're going to the seaside for the May bank holiday
We're going to use crowdsourced talent to design these free prosthetics.
We're having a youth nerf war this Saturday.
We're hoping to meet up with them sometime next week.
We're late! According to the timetable, the lecture started at nine o'clock
We're losing light, we'll deal with it later.
We're monitoring the attack closely.
We're not capturing any data from users.
We're out here till breakfast-time.
We're out of sellotape.
We're setting up a shop in Brisbane.
We're spending the evening at the lodge.
We're taking a bottom-up approach of teaching kids how to bake.
We're too far inland to see any seagulls yet.
We're working on solutions to factors contributing to poverty.
We've been happily married for fifty years.
We've bust up.
We've discussed these problems several times previously
We, the police, find the jewels and take charge of them.
Wealth only lasts so long.
Wealthy people often dispute over inheritance.
Wearing the mask, no doubt.
Wearing, I assure you, to the bone!
Websites must respect the privacy of its users.
Websites should be designed to support a voice first user experience.
Websites should enable encryption to prevent malicious attackers.
Weigh the facts.
Welcome to my house.
Welcome to our introduction to philosophy.
Welcome to our research Laboratory.
Welcome to the dream realm.
Welcome, dear friends.
Well enough to know what his intentions were?
Well, I am afraid I am not.
Well, I hope you will all have a good time.
Well, I made nothing of it.
Well, I mean to say, of course she couldn't.
Well, I mean!
Well, I shouldn’t mind that much!
Well, I thought I could.
Well, I wasn't going to, of course.
Well, I'll be plumb gosh darned.
Well, I've been doing that, all right.
Well, Jeeves got off a good one the other day.
Well, after that it's easy.
Well, all right, no need to get excited about it.
Well, all right. If we must stay out here, we must.
Well, as I say, Jeeves is off the case.
Well, come, then.
Well, dearest woman, we must look forbearingly on it.
Well, did they eat.
Well, every little helps.
Well, gentlemen, I can’t think of anywhere else.
Well, give me the blasted machine.
Well, here I am.
Well, how about it?
Well, how pleased I am!
Well, if it was good enough for Chaucer.
Well, it doesn't matter, anyway.
Well, it is a curious coincidence.
Well, it is true; I must have money.
Well, it needed but this.
Well, it was, of course.
Well, it's a good gag.
Well, it's a pretty anecdote.
Well, it's no business of yours.
Well, look about you.
Well, one has to be civil.
Well, right-ho, of course, but I think you ought to have.
Well, she has nothing but the diamond earrings.
Well, she was never gratified.
Well, simply ask him for the money to pay the printers.
Well, spit it out!
Well, that was something, of course.
Well, that's a bit random!.
Well, that's fine.
Well, that's what happened to this aching heart.
Well, then, follow this train of reasoning, my friend!
Well, then, let us see.
Well, then, let's just try to envisage.
Well, then, that was what I was saying.
Well, then, what can be done? enquired the Woodman.
Well, then, ‘mimsy’ is ‘flimsy and miserable’ - there’s another portmanteau for you.
Well, there are better men in Hawaii, that's all.
Well, there is a reason.
Well, there is one who won’t shrink from my company!
Well, there must be nothing of that.
Well, there you have the explanation.
Well, this finishes it.
Well, this isn't Cannes.
Well, this turn goes to the hill, I suppose—no, it doesn’t!
Well, we won't go into the ethics of the thing.
Well, well, well!
Well, we’ll go into the matter at our leisure.
Well, what are boils?
Well, what does it matter?
Well, what have I done?
Well, what's to be done?
Well, you do surprise me!
Well, you’ll be my chauffeur today and wear Hudson’s rig.
Were any civilians caught in the mix?
Were these two papers written by the same hand?
Were those her words?
Were you able to negotiate a reduced price?
Were you examined at an inquest?
Were you happy in prison, dear child?
Were you wise to come here and interfere?
Were your theatre tickets for the stalls, dress circle or balcony?
Wethermill leaned forward and shook his head with a smile.
We’re all out of gin: send help!
What I believe is called a frisson shook him.
What I have to say may wound you.
What I have, I possess; what I hold, I own.
What I saw I could not at first believe.
What I want is that he should take charge of the case.
What Pascal glimpsed with the vision of a seer, I have lived.
What a beautiful world this is, Bertie.
What a busy little brain it is.
What a contrast between him and his friend!
What a devastating indictment.
What a fabulous suggestion!
What a fascinating child it is!
What a fate there seems in all this!
What a fatuous suggestion!
What a fine thing for our girls!
What a good thing it would be to know that too!
What a great age, Charley!
What a great pic!
What a load off my mind!
What a man!
What a piece of irony!
What a story to tell at the club.
What a strange mauve colour!
What a tragedy misunderstandings are.
What a very nice backyard, ma'am!
What about those rings you told me of?
What actually happened in the salon?
What an ass I made of myself!
What an excited whispering and conferring took place.
What appears to be the problem, Jennifer?
What are Smart Cities?
What are the associated costs of having a new boiler fitted?
What are the best initiatives to tackle homelessness?
What are the blockers of this project?
What are the challenges in tackling homelessness?
What are the characteristics of Diabetes?
What are the characteristics of a trustworthy salesman?
What are the colours of the rainbow spectrum?
What are the criteria of attaining an A-grade?
What are the dimensions of your parcel?
What are the essentials of cooking a stew?
What are the exceptions to this rule?
What are the externalities associated with setting up a business?
What are the hidden costs of buying a house?
What are the identifying features of a herring gull?
What are the implications of ending my mortgage contract early?
What are the interdependencies of the application?
What are the judging criteria for the contest?
What are the most contentious issues you are facing?
What are the names of the known constellations?
What are the plans they have made?
What are the preconditions of diabetes?
What are the pros and cons?
What are we going to do after dinner?
What are you going to do once you're qualified?
What are you listening to?
What are you up to at the moment?
What are you?’ said the Pigeon.
What are your commands? enquired the King of the Monkeys, bowing low.
What are your expectancies if this project is successful?
What are your expectations?
What are your interests?
What are your recommendations?
What aspect of the film moved you emotionally?
What astonishes me is that anyone can do it.
What became of my theory then?
What brand of toilet paper do you use?
What can I do about my headache?
What can I do for you, my child?
What can the world do to leave a smaller carbon footprint?
What can we do to make it up to you?
What can we do to set this right?
What can we do, then?
What can you anticipate when they're so handsome as that?
What category of clothing do goggles fall into?
What changes, Esther, even in my small world!
What colour is your parachute?
What colour, and what texture!
What compels people to do such things?
What condiments would you like with your meal?
What congratulations will then flow in!
What could I ever do but thank him!
What could be better than a nice cup of tea?
What could be the meaning of it?
What could have caused it?
What could have divided you?
What could he mean?
What could she mean by it?
What damn silliness!
What did I do to her?
What did actually happen in the salon?
What did he do it for?
What did it ask you?’
What did the people think would emerge from those caves?
What did the torn-up scrap of writing mean?
What did they all want of her?
What did you do with the key on Tuesday?
What did you get in your pay packet this month?
What did you have?
What did you say? I said 'Tut!'
What did you think of the curried parsnip soup?
What did you want her for?
What do I do when I get there?
What do kangaroos like to eat?
What do the aesthetics look like?
What do you call a country's total annual output?
What do you do for recreation?
What do you do on an ordinary day?
What do you do to let your hair down?
What do you make of that, Phil?
What do you mean by coming here and frightening my cow?
What do you mean by this outrageous conduct.
What do you mean by “If you really are a Queen”?
What do you mean, 'home truths'?
What do you mean, your efforts?
What do you say now?
What do you say to this, Bucket?
What do you say when you're distributing prizes?
What do you say, Harold?
What do you suggest, then?
What do you suppose is the use of child without any meaning?
What do you think of beetroot?
What do you think of my dreadlocks?
What do you think of this Tune?
What do you think will be best, Miss Summerson?
What do you think you're made up as?
What do you think, you two?
What do you want, sir?
What do you wish me not to have?
What does Quantum entanglement mean?
What does a city need to do to be classed as a Smart City?
What does a diode do in a circuit?
What does a transistor do?
What does anything matter now?
What does he do anything for?
What does he do?
What does he want of her?
What does it call itself, I wonder?
What does it matter to me?
What does it mean to be self-aware?
What does ownership mean in the digital age?
What does that entail?
What does the exponential equation result in?
What does the horrible creature mean?
What does your daily routine look like?
What does your day look like?
What does your diet consist of?
What dreadful things happened?
What else is politics?
What fabric is this made from?
What flavour ice cream would you like?
What flavour of yoghurt do you want from the supermarket?
What frequencies would you like to receive updates?
What frequency is the radio channel on?
What gave you that impression, dear?
What genre is it?
What good does it do?
What good event venues are nearby?
What guidelines will help in building cheaper, affordable houses?
What had first directed his thoughts to that seemingly heart-broken man?
What happened this afternoon has killed my love.
What happened to you?
What happens if you swipe left?
What has been happening here since I left?
What has been the matter?
What has sunk, cannot sink.
What has this to do with me?
What have we become?
What have you been doing here?
What have you been pouring out of window?
What have you got to say for yourself?
What have you got to say next?
What heuristics are being used?
What ho, Angela, old girl.
What if Jeanne failed him.
What if she did not come to the rock.
What if there was a mechanical way to absorb harmful pollution from the atmosphere?
What if they were playing Peter’s game?
What if we all joined forces?
What is a cyborg?
What is a meritocracy?
What is a strong determinant that a subscriber will cancel their Gym membership?
What is cognition?
What is cognitive intelligence?
What is consciousness?
What is emotional intelligence?
What is he to do?
What is homeopathic medicine?
What is it like to be a passenger in an autonomous car?
What is it that I naturally turn my thoughts to?
What is it that I tell you?
What is it? asked the Lion.
What is on your bucket list for when you are seventy years old?
What is social intelligence?
What is the age of this castle?
What is the best route to my destination?
What is the best way to analyze this data?
What is the best way to get rid of head lice?
What is the best way to incorporate algorithms in our legacy system?
What is the best way to initiate a conversation with a client?
What is the best way to secure my account?
What is the circumference of this circle?
What is the classification of a Tarantula?
What is the common denominator between these two variables?
What is the correct pronunciation of this word?
What is the default way of doing things?
What is the definition of demographics?
What is the difference between a gorilla and an ape?
What is the dimension of this object?
What is the effective date of the contract agreement?
What is the emission rating of this sports utility vehicle?
What is the engagement rate of this social media post?
What is the etiquette of greeting a person in your country?
What is the height, length and width of the container?
What is the heuristic being used?
What is the intention of this fool's play?
What is the internet of things?
What is the longitude and latitude location of Antarctica highest peak?
What is the maximum capacity of this elevator?
What is the meaning of life?
What is the name of the funny bone?
What is the rating of that movie?
What is the shape input?
What is the square root of twenty-five?
What is to be done with him?
What is your delivery address?
What is your desired difficulty level?
What is your favorite activity with your friends?
What is your favorite drama?
What is your favorite quote?
What is your gender?
What is your level of proficiency in Spanish?
What is your opinion?
What is your part code?
What is your progress?
What is your recipe?
What is your schedule looking like?
What is your stance on this?
What is your trouble? asked the Lion, quietly.
What kind of a story was I to tell about Scudder?
What kind of herb this is?
What kind of jobs are not suitable for automation?
What kind of jobs will people do in a world run by machines?
What kind of steps do you mean, sir?
What makes you sure?
What money has she got?
What more can we do?
What more the letter told me needs not to be repeated here.
What movie do you recommend?
What number is this?
What on earth does a chauffeur want to dance for?
What part of the United States is your home.
What power this woman has to keep these raging passions down!
What practices contribute to responsible technology?
What rating would you give this food?
What restaurants are in this area?
What restaurants are nearby?
What right have you to call yourself so?
What road is it which comes out at that corner?
What say you, Mary?
What sector do you work in?
What should I have done, Ellen?
What should we do if we're not good at it?
What sort of landscape?
What sort of things are you interested in?
What strange things he could tell us if he would!
What the devil am I to say, Bertie?
What the devil do you think you're talking about?
What the dickens shall I say?
What the flaming.
What time frame should we expect for it to be delivered?
What tools are available to benchmark an A-I processor?
What variety of gloves do you have?
What was I doing?
What was a roadman doing twenty miles from his beat, pursued by the police?
What was he doing in her company?
What was his name now?” And I scratched a forgetful head.
What was it that those two cushions had to tell you?
What was that something?
What was the boy's name, Jo?
What was the effect of the financial crisis on your community?
What was the object of your little sensation.
What was the one chance?
What was the row about?
What was there to be peeved about?
What were the swans doing on the grass?
What were they going to do?
What were you doing out here, anyway?
What were you going to tell me?
What were you talking drivel about?
What will humans do in the age of automation?
What will satisfy you for the trouble of producing it?
What will the future of work look like?
What will you do about her?
What with tainting, plundering, and spoiling, Tom has his revenge.
What work are you doing now?
What would be their one thought?
What would become of her now?
What would compel you to buy this bracelet?
What would constitute a breach of contract?
What would he do, whether or not?
What would they do at the end of a year?
What would you do if you were a billionaire?
What would you have done if you had been Angela?
What would you have us called?
What would you like for breakfast?
What's amiss, old boy?
What's her call sign?
What's in the envelope packet?
What's it like to live in a virtual world?
What's that furry thing hopping around the garden?
What's that grub-thief got to do with it.
What's that rattling noise from under the bonnet?
What's the date?
What's the good of that to me?
What's the horsepower of a single horse?
What's the location of the next race?
What's the lowest common multiple of three hundred forty and fifty-two?
What's the matter with the cat?
What's the matter?
What's the most common phrase you've heard?
What's the sense of saying, 'Don't mention it'? I have mentioned it.
What's the sine of ninety degrees?
What's the time, Mr Wolf?
What's the timeline for the project?
What's this I hear!
What's this one?
What's this they tell me?
What's to hurt him!
What's your age?
What's your surname?
What, after all, could he have told them?
What, in your opinion, will the harvest be?
What, you were thirsty, were you?
Whatever he guessed he locked away in the taboo room of Naomi.
Whatever the old girl says, do.
Whatever you do, do not frighten her.
What’s bugging you?
What’s the Best Before date?
What’s the French for fiddle-de-dee?
What’s your grievance?
When Claire was nineteen she found herself becoming increasingly depressed
When I came to I was waving my hat and murmuring ecstatically.
When I can't see beauty in woman I want to die.
When I entered that quiet thoroughfare it seemed deserted.
When I get used to my brains I shall know everything.
When I got back the lift-man had an important face.
When I got better, I went to look at the monster.
When I had complied, he said, "Ah!"
When I love a person very tenderly indeed, it seems to brighten.
When I told him, he laughed.
When I wake up, remind me to take my laptop to work.
When I was a child, I loved buying sherbet at the sweet shop
When I was a child, little boys wanted to become engine drivers.
When I was getting better, he never bothered me with a question.
When I was left alone I started in to fake up that corpse.
When I was young, I used to take life-saving lessons.
When I was your age, I did it for half-an-hour a day.
When a circuit is complete a current can flow through it.
When a company's bottom line is not looking so good, they usually cut jobs.
When an object travels fast and it suddenly stops it experiences inertia.
When are we to hear more of this?
When business is going good shareholders receive a dividend.
When did he come down from London?
When did he come here?
When did she suggest it?
When did she tell you?
When did this happen?
When did you arrive?
When did you ask for permission?
When did you ever mention any device to me?
When did you ever take me for a chump?
When did you send the advertisement in, then?
When flying, I have often wondered about the expression Arm the Doors and Crosscheck
When he did speak again, it was in a deep growl.
When he had gone, he picked up his rod.
When he said himself I think he meant ourselves.
When he spoke, he spoke reluctantly.
When he went to bed I sat up and finished Scudder.
When icy conditions are forecast, councils usually send out gritters.
When is a convenient time for me to call back?
When is his trial?
When is that paper published?
When is the party?
When is the right time to buy a driver-less car?
When it's moonlight, though?
When looking for a job we need to be proactive.
When morning came they started again.
When my child was born, I was in tears.
When my daughter finishes at primary school, she'll go on to secondary school
When my daughter was at school she was very keen on hockey
When my judgment should be given.
When shall Ada come to see you, my love?
When shall we begin?
When shall we start? asked the Scarecrow.
When she was discontented, she fancied herself nervous.
When someone upsets us, knee-jerk reactions should be avoided.
When something is widely available, it starts to get treated like a commodity.
When the scream came from the garden you were not surprised.
When the snow came, they all went out sledging.
When the soul is bruised, it droops.
When the sponge has soaked, you can use it to clean the car.
When their investments failed, Sophie and Bill lost nearly half a million pounds
When they are shut into the back room, they speak low.
When they were worn out, he wanted them back.
When was it delivered to Harry?
When was it found?
When water is boiled, it will evaporate.
When water is scarce, avoid wasting it.
When will the winner be announced?
When will you graduate?
When wiring a plug, make sure you can identify the earth wire
When you awaken, the street will be transformed.
When you make tea, do you pour the tea or the milk first?
When you say 'No, sir,' do you mean 'Yes, sir'?
When you're at rock bottom, the only way is up.
When your cervix dilates ten centimetres you are in stage two labour.
When your clothes no longer fit, drop them off at a charity shop.
When you’ve finished doing the washing up, you can make the beds
When's the next showing of Mission: Impossible?
Whenever you do, George, let us know.
Whenever you want me, you will find me here.
Where are we going, Esther?
Where are your nearest restroom facilities?
Where can I find the enquiry desk?
Where can I learn data-analytics?
Where can I lodge him for the present?
Where can we find fish fillet?
Where did she keep her jewels!
Where did you pick her up?
Where did you say the wind was, Rick?
Where do I apply for citizenship?
Where do foxes inhabit?
Where do you come from?
Where has there been a murder?
Where have you come from?
Where is my vanity bag?
Where is the Nobel Prize awarded again?
Where is the best place to exercise around here?
Where is the closest bathroom?
Where is the closest playgroup for infants?
Where is the equalizer?
Where is the evidence?
Where is the fine, old, chivalrous spirit?
Where is the fly swatter?
Where is the sweet, gentle, womanly spirit?
Where is this all going to lead?
Where is this foul bone-shaker?
Where is this great spider of yours now?
Where one door shuts, another opens.
Where shall I find you?
Where shall we find a new pin more bright?
Where the birds sing melodiously.
Where the devil can I get a book of tide tables?
Where there's a will, there's a way.
Where was his valet?
Where were you?
Where will the ceremony take place?
Where would you wish to go?
Where's Angela?
Where's my bag of documents?
Where's the art gallery?
Where’s your kit, by the way?
Which English author wrote a series of twenty-one novels?
Which airline did you use for your holiday to Tenerife?
Which backend do you use for Keras?
Which blockchain provider is the most stable?
Which brought them back again to the beginning of the conversation.
Which column has the value-added tax breakdown?
Which do you prefer: the Windows or the Mac operating system?
Which email client do you use?
Which he certainly did not, being made entirely of cardboard.
Which is the best women's baseball team?
Which is the key of the safe?
Which is your dominant hand, right or left?
Which of us was likely to speak to him about tonight?
Which one should I go with?
Which shall sing?
Which subjects did you do for your A-levels?
Which version do you have?
Which was the last cupboard or drawer that she touched?
Which way do you go?
Which would you prefer to choose?
While I am gone the Scarecrow will rule over you.
While he was taking off his coat I saw who it was.
While shepherds watched their flocks by night.
While they were drinking their coffee Harry joined them.
While you're out and about, please pass by the supermarket.
Whilst attempting to jump over the wall, he broke his leg.
Whilst we wait, here are a few kittens to look at.
Whisky is made in Scotland; whiskey is made in Ireland.
Whisky would seem to be what he filled the radiator with.
White Leghorns, said Mrs Mortimer.
White spirit is quite useful for removing oily stains
Whitefish, Gregson, whitefish and trout.
Whiz-zip-bang. Lop-Ear screamed with sudden anguish.
Who Stole the Tarts?
Who are you? asked the Scarecrow.
Who authorised that?
Who baked those muffins?
Who can possibly want me at the public-house?
Who cares for fish, game, or any other dish?
Who could have thought of seeing you!
Who could have told?
Who did you hear it from?
Who do you suppose is with me?
Who do you suppose would teach you wrong?
Who does that jewellery belong to?
Who doesn't like cheesy jokes?
Who else is out there every day, protecting seagulls?
Who ever loved that loved not at first sight?
Who ever saw one that size?
Who fired a gun or pistol?
Who for such dainties would not stoop?
Who has the ace of spades?
Who heads up this organisation?
Who is Glinda? enquired the Scarecrow.
Who is going to carry the beer?
Who is going to organise the children's play?
Who is it, and what's wanted?
Who is the dominant company in refrigeration equipment?
Who is the manufacturer?
Who is the oldest person alive?
Who is your employer?
Who knows what thread may lead us to the truth?
Who locked this door?
Who maintains this repository?
Who normally cleans the loo in your house?
Who reads the newspaper anymore?
Who shut them?
Who supplied him with the gun?
Who the devil gave it to you to be judge and jury.
Who told him not to come?
Who wants to go roller skating?
Who was it, then?
Who was that chap?
Who was the choreographer for that?
Who was the man who took a part in the crime?
Who was the woman?
Who went first?
Who were walking along Broadway.
Who will pay my fare?
Who won last night's game?
Who would believe my tale?
Who would have thought pigs could fly after all?
Who would not give all else for two pennyworth only of beautiful soup?
Who wouldn't be?
Who's brought the cake?
Who's the managing director of this company?
Who's the recipient?
Whoever lived on the ranch did that.
Why I was so nervous this morning I can't imagine.
Why are those needles and pins sticking out of your head?
Why are you avoiding me?
Why can't you get it?
Why could you not help it?
Why did Cooper get suspended at school?
Why did he never come?
Why did she not cry for help then?
Why did they separate?
Why didn't Alice tap her feet from the beginning?
Why do I feel light-headed?
Why do you feel you need to make them happy?
Why do you sound like a chipmunk over the phone?
Why does nobody eat semolina?
Why does that plane keep going over?
Why does this tyrannosaurus rex feel sticky?
Why doesn't it emit any light?
Why don't they turn old plastics into bricks and use them to build houses?
Why don't you get rid of that awful old jacket?
Why else should he have returned except to put back the car?
Why exactly are we voting for a convicted felon?
Why has it printed duplicate pages?
Why has this problem arisen?
Why have I been charged twice for this?
Why have you come here now?
Why have you told my story to so many persons?
Why he hadn't done so before is beyond me.
Why is her fringe not straight?
Why is it best, sir?
Why is it so difficult, my dear?
Why is it that some domains cost very little.
Why is the classroom empty?
Why is the other cushion torn?
Why is the public so apathetic?
Why is your basement so packed?
Why isn't the race to the swift?
Why not chuck the whole idea of hitching up with me?
Why not like any railroad station or ferry depot.
Why not open the damn thing and see?
Why she did not cry for help?
Why she did not resist yesterday evening?
Why should I not care for her?
Why should I seek her so often if I did not care?
Why should a fellow throw up the sponge after the first round.
Why should she spare others?
Why should you ever have been otherwise?
Why should you think that?
Why shouldn't she simply walk downstairs?
Why was he so animated?
Why was the door locked?
Why's she being so spiky at the moment?
Why, I could tell you a story.
Why, I do believe we’ve been under this tree the whole time!
Why, I don’t know.
Why, I never heard of such a thing!
Why, I once addressed a girls' school.
Why, Tony, what on earth is going on in this house tonight?
Why, doggone you all, shake again.
Why, great heaven, I was there last night!
Why, he is not in this place.
Why, he might be robbed fifty times over!
Why, he's bought forty pounds of goods from you already.
Why, here's an extraordinary thing!
Why, it's a wonder, George!
Why, it’s a Looking-glass book, of course!
Why, it’s got branches, I declare!
Why, it’s turning into a sort of mist now, I declare!
Why, of course, to Geneva.
Why, oh, why was that latticed door opening so noiselessly?
Why, sometimes I’ve believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
Why, the average review is more nauseating than cod liver oil.
Why, they seemed like the paper on the wall.
Why, this is a private asylum!
Why, to get away — to come back perhaps later.
Why, we passed it ten minutes ago!
Why, what a laborious life!
Why, what age do you call that little creature?
Why, what are those creatures, making honey down there?
Why, what's the matter with you, Tony?
Why, who can she be?
Why, you're six foot two, I suppose?
Wife, why do you look at me in that way?
Wikidata is a repository of structured open source data.
Wikipedia is one of the world's most popular websites, and it's free!
Wildflowers flourished on the verge of the country road
Will he never learn?
Will my cousin John forgive me?
Will somebody give me a quart pot?
Will somebody hand me anything hard and bruising to pelt at her?
Will we ever forget it.
Will you allow me to retire?
Will you do it, or shall I?
Will you do me a favour?
Will you explain to me one thing?
Will you kindly stop ranting?
Will you let me finish?
Will you permit me to remove them?
Will you pick me up in it at three at my hotel?
Will you take any other vegetables?
Will you take me to her?
Will you take your foot back into that car?
Will you tell them to send him up?
Will you turn it off?
William’s conduct at first was moderate.
Wind up the coil of wires.
Windows are usually rectangular, less commonly round or triangular.
Wing Chun is a style of martial arts.
Winter break is only a few weeks away!
Wipe the mould off her shoes and off yours too — carefully.
Wireless earphones allow you to listen to audio untethered.
Witch marks were a kind of folk magic.
With a gesture he refused the stake.
With a pole, madam.
With all its sham, drudgery and broken dreams
With her metal detector she discovered a Viking treasure trove.
With his hand he waved to his companions to keep back.
With luck, we should be able to dispose of his stamp albums at auction
With mirrors, I expect.
With my strength I slammed it full into Red-Eye's face.
With one of these bricks I could blow the house to smithereens.
With positive reinforcement, we can have our children grow up to be successful.
With regard to Gussie, everything was in train.
With research we can eliminate cancer.
With shaking fingers he held out a newspaper.
With the intention of restoring them to liberty.
With the same grey cloak.
With the torch to help me I investigated further.
With them were Indians, also three other men.
With these arguments he convinced himself that he should go on alone.
With trembling fingers he tore it open.
Within a few yards help was there — help and life.
Within an hour or two we may have news for him.
Within himself he called it no longer his own.
Within the house those shutters had been opened.
Without a doubt, some of them have dinner engagements.
Without an intelligent being to create it, intelligence is not created on its own.
Without discussion, it was the agents provocateurs who caused the Peasant Revolt.
Without fear or favour.
Without my mobile I'd feel really lost
Without them he could not run his empire.
Women don't like conceited people.
Women don't like people with loud voices.
Women don't like slobs.
Women had fooled men before today.
Won by a short head.
Won't he ever remember?
Won't you draw up, gentlemen.
Won't you stop it just this once?
Wonder if he's a lion dog, Charles suggested.
Word wrap formatting helps text documents read clearer.
Work hard to unleash your full potential.
Workers like to feel like they are more than a cog in a machine.
Working hard to reduce inequality.
Worldly goods are divided unequally, and man must not repine.
Worn socks have a pungent odour.
Worried is right.
Worship is about more than just singing.
Would I take that weight —  in any metal  —  for the old girl?
Would any one believe this?
Would he have dared?
Would it be feasible to expand the scope of this investigation?
Would it not be better to rest now?
Would make genuine sensation.
Would she go with me?
Would the fall never come to an end!
Would the loss of a skewer be noticed, do you think?
Would you allow me to look at it?
Would you be satisfied with that one hundredth part of me.
Would you come with me to check out the car?
Would you do an old man that good turn, sir?
Would you have your genome sequenced if it would advance medical science?
Would you like a biscuit with your tea?
Would you like a game of noughts and crosses?
Would you like to be billed bi-annually?
Would you like to connect with a friend?
Would you like to customize your device?
Would you like to eat a Scone?
Would you like to extend the warranty?
Would you like to have a desert?
Would you like to renew your subscription?
Would you like to talk to someone?
Would you like to, or should I?
Would you like your cod fried in batter?
Would you mind describing him to me?
Would you mind opening the window, please?
Would you mind standing aside?
Would you object to my writing it?
Would you rather go out?
Would you take a seat, sir?
Wouldn't he give it to you?
Wouldn't it be great if the city had a small theme park?
Wow! Did you see that?
Writing was his only solace
Wrongheaded, shortsighted, and politically expedient.
Yay! Sounds amazing!
Ye see, my daughter was merry last night, and we kept it up late.
Yea, I will tell thee.
Yea, so are all the lesser animals of today clean.
Yeah, right, like you didn't know!
Yeah, that's right!.
Yeah, you and what army?
Years passed before he realized the truth.
Yep, right!
Yes my dear, he said cynically.
Yes, Ada thought she had better go with me.
Yes, Bertie, this scheme is bright.
Yes, Helene was in the plot too.
Yes, I am contented now.
Yes, I call that pretty good.
Yes, I concur.
Yes, I could follow the psychology.
Yes, I did think so.
Yes, I got it all right.
Yes, I had got the gist all right.
Yes, I hated her.
Yes, I hope so.
Yes, I know something of it.
Yes, I saw Angela's point of view.
Yes, I saw that.
Yes, I see my way now, right on.
Yes, I suppose you could call it that.
Yes, I think it will work.
Yes, I understand.
Yes, I was noticing at dinner.
Yes, If you so desire.
Yes, Saturday should be fine.
Yes, Uncle Tom, if you must have it.
Yes, and if people would stop interrupting we could get it finished.
Yes, and no, sir, was the slow reply.
Yes, but they love the blind lover.
Yes, clearly, that's an obvious no-brainer
Yes, he gave it to me. That's how I got it.
Yes, he was very careful.
Yes, here; at the post office — at the telephone exchange.
Yes, how did you find it out?
Yes, in the dining-room.
Yes, it is interesting just because it is so human.
Yes, it was a man who asked, a stranger.
Yes, it's in December.
Yes, let us go now.
Yes, lie quietly and reflect, little fool!
Yes, lovely, isn't it?
Yes, madam, Mr. Wooster would perform the task admirably.
Yes, might as well be shoving along with it.
Yes, monsieur — if one knew where to look for it.
Yes, monsieur — oh, the poor woman!
Yes, my darling, if you insist upon it!
Yes, she called yesterday with her father.
Yes, she does.
Yes, she lied, and it was a bad lie, my friend.
Yes, sir, I corrected.
Yes, sir, he answered, with cheerful alacrity.
Yes, so you did say about ten.
Yes, that rings a bell.
Yes, that seems reasonable.
Yes, that will do.
Yes, that would do nicely.
Yes, that's not bad.
Yes, there she spoke the truth.
Yes, there were brains behind that murder.
Yes, there's the dominating figure — cruel, masterful, relentless — that strange woman.
Yes, we know — what do we know, monsieur?
Yes, yes, I will calm myself.
Yes, yes, there are strong differences.
Yes, you have.
Yes, you suspected him.
Yes; but there was also another question.
Yes; but you must own she is very plain.
Yes; to make sure of the distance.
Yes; what was he like?
Yet I couldn’t be convinced.
Yet he chattered away with his mother.
Yet he dreams he is immortal, I argue feebly.
Yet he's like you, there's no denying.
Yet his mind was not relieved of Richard.
Yet in a queer way I liked the speech.
Yet it is so obvious.
Yet she must be going to your hotel, for the road ends.
Yet the travellers only reached their home at three.
Yet what can I do?
Yet without knowing she cannot answer.
Yet you have a large establishment, I am told?
Yet you suspected him — even then you spoke of brains and audacity.
Yet you think yourselves very fine, I dare say!
Yet you were up early enough to read the newspaper.
Yet your opinion should be the most valuable of all.
Yet, behind them there was another and more powerful motive.
Yet, in accordance with Ernest's test of truth, it worked.
Yet, in reality, you are worse a scourge than the Black Death.
Yield yourself to the waters that are ripping and tearing at you.
You all know the difference between an optimist and a pessimist.
You all think something else, I see.
You alluded to something else.
You alright mate?
You also came through the air, being carried by a cyclone.
You and I are very different creatures.
You and I.
You and your 'Well, Gussie'!
You and your engagement book, indeed.
You appear at a good time.
You appear to me to be the very touchstone of responsibility.
You are a child of the universe
You are a good detective.
You are a jolly servant!
You are a silly young geezer.
You are afraid of her!
You are all very kind to me.
You are amongst good friends, mademoiselle.
You are an extraordinary person.
You are approaching a safety speed camera.
You are as punctual as the sun.
You are coming, then, to help us?
You are going out into the great world.
You are her dream man.
You are honouring me with your attention?
You are hot in here!
You are human, like the rest of us.
You are more intelligent.
You are never too old to learn.
You are now connected online.
You are of that opinion?
You are only a little low.
You are only doing your duty.
You are positively soulless, he said savagely.
You are presenting him with the drawing prize.
You are quite safe here.
You are ready at all times to go anywhere, and do anything.
You are right, my child.
You are shocked, I dare say!
You are so generous, so unselfish, so chivalrous.
You are stumped.
You are such a favourite of his, Esther.
You are sure that the front of the house is guarded?
You are sure you are not the least angry with me, Ma?
You are surprised.
You are the amateur, I am the professional — that is all.
You are very welcome.
You are wrong, Jeeves.
You aren't suggesting that I should climb down?
You ask me what is it?
You asked her to share the winnings of your bank.
You astound me, Jeeves.
You began it too, for he wasn’t doing nothing.
You bet I won't detain them long.
You bring up some excellent points.
You came while I was still in bed.
You can apply for membership of the board.
You can attach the poster using drawing pins
You can avoid telephone scams by ending a cold call.
You can become free of debt sooner if you repay the smallest debt first.
You can build and disassemble the robot easily.
You can call model dot summary to see the model structure.
You can choose either the fruit salad or the cheese
You can choose the colour Navy or Azure for the baby's bedroom.
You can convert a currency value from one to another using a conversion factor.
You can do it. Just take baby steps.
You can do nothing worse to me than you have done.
You can do what you like, old boy!
You can exchange your foreign currency at a bureau de change
You can hardly make the best of me if I don't.
You can have perfect data in an imperfect world.
You can hear the gears grinding while driving.
You can heat the rice pudding on the hob
You can invent reasons.
You can learn how to build parts for a prosthetic arm.
You can lie as snug here as if you were in a moss-hole.
You can make a direct transfer to our bank account.
You can reclaim gift aid provided you are a taxpayer.
You can relate everything to me.
You can scarcely be strong yet.
You can see from the blood that Alice has cut herself
You can see how impressive that would be.
You can see the pendulum swing.
You can see the window from this corner.
You can see thousands of stars with the naked eye in the night sky?
You can stop those monkey tricks at once!
You can take a vacation on pay.
You can take this case straight to the High Court.
You can tell me about her perhaps?
You can tickle my ankles.
You can use a combination of marketing strategies at the same time.
You can use either a fountain pen or a biro
You can use sultanas or raisins when making fruitcake
You can use that tea towel to dry the dishes
You can use this teatowel to dry yourself.
You can withdraw cash from a cash machine, sometimes known as a cashpoint
You can't answer for him?
You can't be too well, my dear friend.
You can't get away from the facts.
You can't go to Belgium without trying out Belgian chocolate.
You can't have good news about her.
You can't possibly love a chap like Gussie. You simply can't.
You can't recommend anything for the boy, I suppose?
You can't seriously expect me to go through with this?
You can't speak too low.
You can't think how kind he is to Pa.
You can't think what good companions they make.
You cannot follow in time.
You can’t mistake it.
You certainly can't depend upon it.
You certainly seem to have fixed things.
You could have eaten your dinner off me.
You could have knocked me down with a feather. "Engaged to him?"
You could see that she was a woman who had suffered.
You couldn't blame me for withdrawing.
You couldn't do better.
You couldn't have done better.
You couldn’t conceive a more innocent spectacle.
You did at Cannes.
You did not say so then.
You didn't know him, did you?
You do it!—That I won’t, then!
You do not admire this jacket?
You do not know of what service it might be.
You do not think he is ill?
You do that for all of us, all day long, housekeeper!
You do yourself an injustice.
You do, do you?
You do, don't you, Phil?
You don't catch me at any such foolishness.
You don't doubt William Guppy?
You don't follow.
You don't happen to have heard of a murder?
You don't have to see to recognize beauty.
You don't look yourself.
You don't mean that?
You don't mean you've got a bite already?
You don't mind these things; neither does Miss Summerson.
You don't need to be as rich as an aristocrat to go on holiday.
You don't object to him?
You don't quite credit me, my dear!
You don't suppose she really wants to marry me, do you?
You don't suspect any harm?
You drove the car on Tuesday morning?
You find the long vacation exceedingly long, don't you?
You find the rent too high, do you, sir?
You find what I have done hard to understand.
You fired me out of your house, in short.
You forget how long I have been here.
You found him in here, laughing heartily.
You found that out long ago.
You gibber, Jeeves.
You girls are more trouble than you're worth, by half.
You give the house a wholesome look.
You got in, then?
You got my note? Yes, I got your note.
You got out by fighting, and I through a pretty girl.
You had better go and tell it to him.
You had much better dance. I certainly shall not.
You hag, you cat, you dog!
You have a discreet officer whom you can trust?
You have a hand in this business and we are taking no risks.
You have a house viewing booked this afternoon.
You have a motor-car?
You have a right to be here.
You have a road map, perhaps?
You have a splendid, chivalrous soul.
You have all the advantage.
You have associated with some of these men.
You have barely half an hour before dinner.
You have been among them.
You have been an age.
You have been badly hurt.
You have been credited for the returned item.
You have been in the wars!
You have been mean and shabby.
You have been strangely importunate.
You have been very ill, I know.
You have done this? Why have you done it?
You have exactly one minute.
You have got them?
You have had the money and must refund it.
You have heard always how he was the lover of the Princess Naomi.
You have heard him say so fifty times.
You have many herbs in this garden.
You have never looked so ravishing.
You have no idea what an opinion he has of you!
You have no trouble, I hope, to keep you waking?
You have not congratulated me on my physician.
You have not forgotten what we have planned?
You have not opened them this morning?
You have now your opportunity.
You have opted to receive biannual statements.
You have petrol for a long journey?
You have really been most kind.
You have roused my curiosity, and now you must gratify it.
You have seen her.
You have sent word to the police?
You have such a great heart, such a fine soul.
You have the air of one about to make a remark, Jeeves.
You have the number and description, I suppose?
You have to leave your bag in the cloakroom
You have to speculate, to accumulate.
You have your remedy in your own hands.
You have, no doubt, a letter written by her?
You have, perhaps, friends with whom you could stay?
You haven't got an idea?
You haven't got anything on your mind, you know.
You haven't got the family face.
You haven't looked in at all?
You haven't seen him, by any chance?
You hear what she says, and I know it's true.
You hear what she says.
You heard me mention sausages, kidneys and bacon and ham.
You intend to give me no other notice?
You just need to add more layers as always.
You know St Albans, sir?
You know Wakanda is not a real place, right?
You know a little too much, Mr Hannay.
You know her, then?
You know how she hates to be kept waiting at these times.
You know it taints everybody.
You know me, and I know you.
You know my cousin Angela?
You know what I mean as well as any man.
You know what I'm talking about.
You know what a hard-working, steady-going chap he is.
You know what girls are like.
You know what that means.
You know what you related.
You know why not, Esther.
You know you like this girl.
You know, a perfect general!
You know, you know, it's true!
You left your briefcase under the desk.
You like poetry?
You live on an income which your father earned.
You look like you need a hug!.
You look out upon the mountain, I see.
You made light work of that!
You make me laugh so that I can hardly hold you!
You make some good points.
You married, by any chance?
You may be assured of it.
You may experience disruption of your broadband connection while we perform road works.
You may find yourself out of pocket by thousands of pounds in legal fees.
You may go into Holborn, with precaution, and never be run over.
You may read it in the whole room.
You may trust in me, cousin Richard.
You may, perhaps, have abandoned this project a long time.
You mean about the man?
You mean for this State, General, Alberta.
You mean imagination boggles?
You mean of me, sir?
You mean there's someone else?
You mean well, but are tiresome.
You mean you want to call it all off?
You mean, do I feel as if I were settling down?
You mentioned two instances.
You met her here?
You might as well live dear.
You might describe it as a passing coolness, but no more.
You might just slide down and fetch it, will you?
You might use that.
You might wish for it, but you don’t need it.
You must be mad.
You must be worried.
You must consider yourself in custody, George.
You must enable call barring to block nuisance callers.
You must expect to fail sometimes; please don't quit.
You must give me the Golden Cap.
You must have two lovers!
You must help me, Mr. Ricardo — you must, indeed!
You must know that I have done no good this long time.
You must not remain here.
You must remember that Angela's shark is very dear to her.
You must remember to insure the car.
You must see my daughters.
You must see them all.
You must sign the tenancy agreement before the lease will begin.
You must sign your name in a book.
You must sleep, he urged.
You must think I have bazillion dollars.
You mustn't do that. Stop it!
You mustn't look to individuals.
You mustn't take it so hard, Gussie.
You need have had no such fear.
You need to apply yourself
You need to be more cautious, especially around expensive equipment like this.
You need to click on the link to open the file
You need to get out of my way! he said aggressively
You need to give yourself a talking to.
You need to press the accelerator to go more quickly
You need to promise never to attempt that again
You need to put your rubbish into the dustbin
You need to recognize what you don't know
You need to regularly check the tire pressure doesn't go below the manufacturer's spec.
You need to resist negativity.
You need to right click to pull up the menu.
You need to select a different menu option to switch modes.
You need to speculate, to accumulate.
You need to vary your approach when tackling difficult problems.
You need to wait for the dialling tone before dialling the number
You never explained that cipher telegram about the sausages and ham.
You never heard of anything of that sort?
You never saw your father, more's the pity.
You never see a fault in anybody.
You notice the grip I am getting on this case.
You noticed he said nothing, but went through these papers again and again.
You often think you know me as I really am?
You pride yourselves on it.
You purchased two tons of creamed corn on March sixth.
You put it in your letter-case.
You read the quotations in today's paper.
You really ought to do something about that haircut.
You recollect that first night, when I was so unpolite?
You remember Angela's shark?
You remember me, then?
You remember that time at the girls' school?
You remembered the car and its number.
You resemble my brother.
You said that before, my dear Richard.
You saw Celia Harland on the evening before the murder.
You saw us together?
You say the race is not always to the swift.
You say, yourself, you are not leading a very settled life.
You see I had to pile up some evidence for the inquest.
You see how much I have studied the subject.
You see now how right I was.
You see the wind is so very strong here.
You see what will happen.
You see, I was quite young — only eighteen — and I wanted to live.
You see, Kitty, it must have been either me or the Red King.
You see, a minute goes by so fearfully quick.
You see, coming into France is a different affair.
You see, we were teaching ourselves.
You seem to be low-spirited.
You seem to have it in for him.
You shan't say you don't.
You should have more patience.
You should have put a ring on it.
You should have seen Tuppy's face when I told him.
You should have seen them when they heard me spitting Chinook.
You should know, Mr. Tulkinghorn.
You should listen and learn; I can teach you how to succeed
You should make the most of your hopes, wishes and desires.
You should never have agreed with her
You should stick to what you’ve started.
You should sustain yourself better.
You showed no less surprise than he did, my good friend.
You smile, Jeeves. The thought amuses you?
You stand silent and twiddle the fingers.
You surprise me, sir.
You take what?
You think her guilty — like this detestable newspaper, like the police.
You think it funny, do you?
You think so because I am a little rambling.
You think that this would clean everything up?
You took him under your roof.
You two made the money up, you know!
You understand why I thank you so very much?
You used to joyride like the very devil.
You want a description of my cousin?
You want to go over and see his gang throw dirt.
You want to know who's got 'em?
You went to bed late last night, my friend.
You were at the station with me.
You were destroying my life.
You were engaged.
You were found in a doorway, weren't you?
You were going to leave after you saw me on the rock.
You were going to say, thirdly?
You were hobbling along with a couple of sticks!
You were in London, but you can explain what you were doing.
You were looking squeamish this afternoon, he began.
You were making them talk shop, Ruth charged him.
You were talking about nothing else in the gig.
You were to be exactly what you were before.
You were too interested in other things to have any eyes.
You weren't nervous?
You will act according to my opinion?
You will allow me to order you lunch after your journey, sir.
You will be able to advise us.
You will be glad, won't you, dearie?
You will be perfectly safe.
You will be wanted today.
You will drive with her to her door.
You will excuse me, I know, being so much occupied.
You will find that nothing at the villa has been disturbed.
You will find the young man next door.
You will like to make some change, perhaps?
You will need a pin in order to use a bankcard
You will need an additional adapter to use your old earphones.
You will need gloves; it's freezing outside.
You will need to bring a packed lunch for the school trip.
You will need to install a codec to play this format of video.
You will need to join the end of the queue.
You will need your National Insurance Number to apply for a pension
You will not blame me.
You will not ruin me?
You will row on the lake with her.
You will sit in that arm-chair.
You will sit with her on the shady lawns.
You will sort of pave the way, as it were.
You will stay here tonight to arrange for their transfer?
You will stroll with the girl in the shady walks.
You will think of many little things perhaps, by and by.
You wish me to approach him?
You woke me out of, oh such a nice dream!
You won't die of malnutrition, be sure of that.
You won't do it, you mean?
You won't get to spend it.
You won't have a lawyer?
You won't ski well unless you bend your knees
You won’t get a soundbite from me.
You would like some hot water, wouldn't you?
You would make a home out of even this house.
You wouldn't perhaps object to admitting that?
You yellow giant thing of the frost.
You yourself know nothing of her.
You'll do it?
You'll find many native species of plant in this field
You'll find the dog outside, in the kennel
You'll find the results at the tail end of that report.
You'll need three teaspoonsful for that.
You'll need to measure it to work out the cost.
You'll only make matters worse.
You're a Star!.
You're a baron of the land.
You're a chattering clattering broomstick witch!
You're a devil for fighting, and will surely win.
You're a friend in need.
You're a sweltering toad!
You're an independent dragoon, too!
You're beating a dead horse
You're going back, Charley?
You're going in for grab sharing.
You're going to hitch up with Gussie, after all?
You're going to need more practice if you're going to master that piece.
You're in love with some other bloke?
You're in room fifteen J, said the receptionist coldly.
You're joking me, sir, the other managed to articulate.
You're joking!.
You're not afraid of me, Tom, are you?
You're not one of the weak-legged ones, you ain't.
You're not tall enough to reach the tub!
You're not the chump I took you for, Bertie.
You're positive it's what you're looking for?
You're prudent, prudent, sir!
You're right behind the times, Bertie.
You're still sticking to that?
You're there, are you?
You've been in low spirits this afternoon.
You've been very often there.
You've got it in your trousers pocket.
You've heard of this business of mine, I suppose?
You, too, think her guilty!
You, you would not keep the truth from me.
Young children often like to eat fish fingers, chips and baked beans
Young man of the name of Guppy!
Young people are beaming with creativity.
Young people are frequently told nowadays to reach for the stars.
Young people shouldn't let their vote go to waste.
Your accent is different, where are you from?
Your account does not have admin privileges.
Your application has been acknowledged, we will be in touch shortly.
Your aunt," said Tuppy, "is a bit above herself.
Your being wrecked here has been a godsend to me.
Your blood pressure has stabilized.
Your claim has been approved and we will be in touch shortly.
Your contribution to our charity is appreciated.
Your duty is to send your car for the police and give me up.
Your face is red with blood.
Your face was the personification of duplicity.
Your father's fifth command, he nodded.
Your genius and insight will find the way.
Your hair looks smooth, do you straighten it?
Your hairstylist appointment has been booked at your usual time.
Your hard work is appreciated.
Your ladyship is acquainted with the name of Hawdon?
Your ladyship is very affable.
Your luggage is in the boot of the car.
Your membership is active.
Your necessities are greater than mine.
Your password has been hashed for security.
Your payment is due.
Your price, my son, is just about thirty per week.
Your privacy is very important.
Your request is pending approval.
Your scheme has proved a bust.
Your services are appreciated.
Your shoes are below the table.
Your theory has been tested and proved correct.
Your tone shocks me.
Your transaction has been authorized and is being processed.
Your trousers won't split.
Your warranty has expired.
Your words are poetic and memorable.
Your work is superb.
Yours faithfully.
Yours sincerely.
Youth had come back to her, freed from the yoke of oppression.
Youth, and hope, and beauty are very seldom there.
You’d be nowhere.
You’d better think about catching your train.
You’ll be catching a crab directly.
You’ll come to it in time.
You’ll never guess! I couldn’t.
You’re a good fellow, and I’m going to be frank.
You’re a serpent; and there’s no use denying it.
You’re about his size.
You’re about my height.
You’re going to need two tablespoonsful.
You’ve had a pleasant run!
Yusuf wants to build a life-size Lego castle.
Zaki shared his toys with his sister Sarah.
Zilla relaxed her sour mouth long enough to sigh her satisfaction.
Zucchini is the same thing as courgette
and they described you jolly well, down to your boots and shirt.
are you going with me?
he asked me with a keen glance.
he cried in amazement.
said I, taking the woman aside.
while others cost thousands?
whispered Miss Jellyby, drawing my arm tighter through her own.
whispered Richard, not thinking she could hear him.
‘A cat may look at a king,’ said Alice.
‘A dear little crab!’ thought Alice.
‘A fine day, your Majesty!’ the Duchess began in a low, weak voice.
‘A likely story indeed!’ said the Pigeon in a tone of the deepest contempt.
‘A little—a little,’ the King replied, rather nervously.
‘A quarter to two,’ he said, looking at the parlour clock.
‘Ah, what is it, now?’ the Unicorn cried eagerly.
‘Ahem!’ said the Mouse with an important air, ‘are you all ready?’
‘All round the town?’ he said.
‘And darker,’ said Tweedledee.
‘And how did you manage on the twelfth?’ Alice went on eagerly.
‘And washing?’ said the Mock Turtle.
‘And what enormous flowers they must be!’ was her next idea.
‘And you were all the better for it, I know!’ the Queen said triumphantly.
‘Another sandwich!’ said the King.
‘Anything you like,’ said the Footman, and began whistling.
‘Are their heads off?’ shouted the Queen.
‘Are there any lions or tigers about here?’ she asked timidly.
‘Are there many crabs here?’ said Alice.
‘Are we nearly there?’ Alice managed to pant out at last.
‘Are you animal—vegetable—or mineral?’ he said, yawning at every other word.
‘Are you content now?’ said the Caterpillar.
‘Are you to get in at all?’ said the Footman.
‘As well as you can,’ said the Tiger-lily.
‘Blew—me—up,’ panted the Queen, who was still a little out of breath.
‘But I’m not a serpent, I tell you!’ said Alice.
‘But I’m not used to it!’ pleaded poor Alice in a piteous tone.
‘But about his toes?’ the Mock Turtle persisted.
‘But she must have a prize herself, you know,’ said the Mouse.
‘By-the-bye, what became of the baby?’ said the Cat.
‘Call it what you like,’ said the Cat.
‘Call the next witness!’ said the King.
‘Can you answer useful questions?’ she said.
‘Can you guess why I did that?’ he said to Alice.
‘Can you keep from crying by considering things?’ she asked.
‘Can’t you?’ the Queen said in a pitying tone.
‘Capital dinners he gave; fine port, too,’ he remarked.
‘Certainly not!’ said Alice indignantly.
‘Change engines—’ it said, and was obliged to leave off.
‘Change lobsters again!’ it yelled at the top of its voice.
‘Check!’ and Alice looked round in some surprise for the new enemy.
‘Collar that Dormouse,’ the Queen shrieked out.
‘Come back!’ the Caterpillar called after her.
‘Come, it’s pleased so far,’ thought Alice, and she went on.
‘Come, let’s try the first figure!’ said the Mock Turtle to the Gryphon.
‘Come, that finished the guinea-pigs!’ thought Alice.
‘Come, you look rather better now!’ she said, after altering most of the pins.
‘Consider your verdict,’ he said to the jury, in a low, trembling voice.
‘Dear me, no!’ said the King.
‘Did you say pig, or fig?’ said the Cat.
‘Did you say “What a pity!”?’ the Rabbit asked.
‘Digging for apples, indeed!’ said the Rabbit angrily.
‘Ditto, ditto’ cried Tweedledee.
‘Do I look like it?’ he said.
‘Does the boots and shoes!’ she repeated in a wondering tone.
‘Don’t let us quarrel,’ the White Queen said in an anxious tone.
‘Each with a lobster as a partner!’ it cried.
‘Exactly so,’ said Alice.
‘Faster!’ and dragged her along.
‘Feather!’ cried the Sheep, as she took up another pair of needles.
‘Fiddle-de-dee’s not English,’ Alice replied gravely.
‘Fifteenth,’ said the March Hare.
‘Fivepence farthing for one—Twopence for two,’ the Sheep replied.
‘Fourteenth of March, I think it was,’ he said.
‘Give your evidence,’ said the King.
‘Good-bye, till we meet again!’ she said as cheerfully as she could.
‘Hand it over here,’ said the Dodo.
‘Have some wine,’ the March Hare said in an encouraging tone.
‘Hay, then,’ the King murmured in a faint whisper.
‘He must have imitated somebody else’s hand,’ said the King.
‘He took me for his housemaid,’ she said to herself as she ran.
‘Herald, read the accusation!’ said the King.
‘Hold your tongue!’ cried the Tiger-lily.
‘Hold your tongue!’ it added, before Alice could speak again.
‘How am I to get in?’ asked Alice again, in a louder tone.
‘How can I have done that?’ she thought.
‘How can she knit with so many?’ the puzzled child thought to herself.
‘How do you know I’m mad?’ said Alice.
‘How dreadfully savage!’ exclaimed Alice.
‘How should I know?’ said Alice, surprised at her own courage.
‘However, I know my name now.’ she said, ‘that’s some comfort’.
‘I am so sleepy?’ she moaned.
‘I beg your pardon?’ said Alice.
‘I call it purring, not growling,’ said Alice.
‘I deny it!’ said the March Hare.
‘I don’t know what you mean,’ said Alice.
‘I don’t know what you mean,’ she said.
‘I don’t know,’ Alice said doubtfully.
‘I don’t much care where—’ said Alice.
‘I don’t quite know yet,’ Alice said, very gently.
‘I don’t quite understand you,’ she said, as politely as she could.
‘I don’t see any wine,’ she remarked.
‘I hope you’re a good hand at pinning and tying strings?’ Tweedledum remarked.
‘I like birthday presents best,’ she said at last.
‘I like them when they can talk,’ Alice said.
‘I mean what I say,’ the Mock Turtle replied in an offended tone.
‘I must have two—to fetch and carry.
‘I never bet half a dozen!’ said the other.
‘I never saw one, or heard of one,’ said Alice.
‘I never thought of that before!’ she said.
‘I only hope the boat won’t tipple over!’ she said to herself.
‘I only meant that I didn’t understand,’ said Alice.
‘I only took the regular course.’
‘I only wish I had such eyes,’ the King remarked in a fretful tone.
‘I said there was nothing like it.’ Which Alice did not venture to deny.
‘I see somebody now!’ she exclaimed at last.
‘I see you don’t,’ said Alice.
‘I should like to buy an egg, please,’ she said timidly.
‘I should like to have it explained,’ said the Mock Turtle.
‘I should like to hear her try and repeat something now.
‘I should win easy,’ said the Lion.
‘I suppose so,’ said Alice.
‘I talk English, don’t I?’ the Frog went on.
‘I think I may as well go in at once.’ And in she went.
‘I thought it would,’ said the Cat, and vanished again.
‘I thought you did,’ said the Mouse.
‘I was coming to that,’ the Knight said.
‘I wish I knew!’ thought poor Alice.
‘I wonder how many miles I’ve fallen by this time?’ she said aloud.
‘I wonder if all the things move along with us?’ thought poor puzzled Alice.
‘I won’t!’ said Alice.
‘If I’d meant that, I’d have said it,’ said Humpty Dumpty.
‘Indeed I did,’ said Alice: ‘you’ve said it very often—and very loud.
‘Is that all?’ Alice timidly asked.
‘Is that all?’ said Alice, swallowing down her anger as well as she could.
‘Is that the reason so many tea-things are put out here?’ she asked.
‘Isn’t he a lovely sight?’ said Tweedledum.
‘It all came different!’ the Mock Turtle repeated thoughtfully.
‘It always happens,’ said the gnat.
‘It began with blotting paper,’ the Knight answered with a groan.
‘It began with the tea,’ the Hatter replied.
‘It can talk,’ said he, solemnly.
‘It can’t be anybody else!’ she said to herself.
‘It does the boots and shoes,’ it replied very solemnly.
‘It gets easier further on,’ Humpty Dumpty replied.
‘It is striking four,’ I answered.
‘It is well you are out of my reach,’ he exclaimed.
‘It isn’t mine,’ said the Hatter.
‘It isn’t respectable to beg,’ said the King.
‘It must be a very pretty dance,’ said Alice timidly.
‘It proves nothing of the sort!’ said Alice.
‘It sounds like a horse,’ Alice thought to herself.
‘It was all kinds of fastness with me, I can assure you!’ he said.
‘It was the best butter,’ the March Hare meekly replied.
‘It’s a fabulous monster!’ the Unicorn cried out, before Alice could reply.
‘It’s exactly like a riddle with no answer!’ she thought.
‘It’s only the Red King snoring,’ said Tweedledee.
‘It’s really dreadful,’ she muttered to herself, ‘the way all the creatures argue’.
‘It’s—it’s a very fine day!’ said a timid voice at her side.
‘I’d rather see that done on paper,’ he said.
‘I’ll fetch the executioner myself,’ said the King eagerly, and he hurried off.
‘I’ll get one,’ the Knight said thoughtfully to himself.
‘I’ll tell you how I came to think of it,’ said the Knight.
‘I’m a poor man, your Majesty,’ he began.
‘I’m glad I’ve seen that done,’ thought Alice.
‘I’m not a mile high,’ said Alice.
‘I’m not a serpent!’ said Alice indignantly.
‘I’m not a visitor, and I’m not a servant.
‘I’m not offended,’ said Humpty Dumpty.
‘I’m not so sure of that,’ said the Unicorn.
‘I’ve got it!’ she cried in a triumphant tone.
‘Keep your temper,’ said the Caterpillar.
‘Leave off that!’ screamed the Queen.
‘Look, look!’ she cried, pointing eagerly.
‘Must a name mean something?’ Alice asked doubtfully.
‘Nearly there!’ the Queen repeated.
‘Nearly two miles high,’ added the Queen.
‘Never mind!’ said the King, with an air of great relief.
‘Never!’ said the Queen furiously, throwing an inkstand at the Lizard as she spoke.
‘No use, no use!’ said the King.
‘No, I don’t think it is,’ he said: ‘at least—not under here’.
‘No, Mr. Lockwood,’ said Nelly, shaking her head.
‘No, it can’t,’ said the Queen.
‘No, no!’ said the Queen.
‘No, you don’t understand,’ the Knight said, looking a little vexed.
‘No,’ said the Caterpillar.
‘Nobody said you did,’ said the Red Queen.
‘Nobody,’ said the messenger.
‘Nonsense!’ said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the Queen was silent.
‘Nor I,’ said the March Hare.
‘Not I!’ he replied.
‘Not at all,’ gruffly remarked the elder man.
‘Not at all,’ said the King.
‘Not yet, not yet!’ the Rabbit hastily interrupted.
‘Not yet,’ said the Knight.
‘Not you!’ Tweedledee retorted contemptuously.
‘Nothing whatever,’ said Alice.
‘Nothing whatever?’ persisted the King.
‘Nothing!’ Alice said impatiently.
‘Nothing,’ said Alice.
‘Now!’ cried the Queen.
‘Now, Kitty!’ she cried, clapping her hands triumphantly.
‘Of course twinkling begins with a T!’ said the King sharply.
‘Of course you agree to have a battle?’ Tweedledum said in a calmer tone.
‘Of course you don’t!’ the Hatter said, tossing his head contemptuously.
‘Of course,’ the Dodo replied very gravely.
‘Off with her head!’ the Queen shouted at the top of her voice.
‘Off with his head!’ she said, without even looking round.
‘Oh, don’t talk about trouble!’ said the Duchess.
‘Oh, hush!’ the Rabbit whispered in a frightened tone.
‘Oh, it’s too bad!’ she cried.
‘Oh, no, Sir,’ replied Mary eagerly.
‘Oh, you can’t help that,’ said the Cat: ‘we’re all mad here’.
‘Oh, you foolish Alice!’ she answered herself.
‘Oh, you sing,’ it said.
‘One, indeed!’ said the Dormouse indignantly.
‘Only a thimble,’ said Alice sadly.
‘Only in the usual way,’ Alice said, smiling.
‘Only you must eat them both, if you buy two,’ said the Sheep.
‘Open the bag!’ he whispered.
‘Please, would you tell me what you call yourself?’ she said timidly.
‘Please, would you tell me—’ she began, looking timidly at the Red Queen.
‘Pray don’t trouble yourself to say it any longer than that,’ said Alice.
‘Quite right,’ said the King: ‘this young lady saw him too’.
‘Repeat, “You are old, Father William,”’ said the Caterpillar.
‘Sap and sawdust,’ said the gnat.
‘Serpent!’ screamed the Pigeon.
‘Seven years and six months!’ Humpty Dumpty repeated thoughtfully.
‘Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?’ it went on.
‘Shan’t,’ said the cook.
‘She boxed the Queen’s ears—’ the Rabbit began.
‘She can’t do addition,’ the Red Queen interrupted.
‘She can’t explain it,’ it said hastily.
‘She’s all right again now,’ said the Red Queen.
‘She’s coming!’ cried the Larkspur.
‘She’s grown a good deal!’ was her first remark.
‘She’s my prisoner, you know!’ the Red Knight said at last.
‘She’s tired, poor thing!’ said the Red Queen.
‘Show your ticket, child!’ the Guard went on, looking angrily at Alice.
‘Sixteenth,’ added the Dormouse.
‘So much obliged!’ added Tweedledee.
‘Speak when you’re spoken to!’ The Queen sharply interrupted her.
‘Speak, can’t you?’ he cried impatiently.
‘Speak, won’t you!’ cried the King.
‘Stand up and repeat “‘Tis the voice of the sluggard,”’ it said.
‘Stuff and nonsense!’ said Alice loudly.
‘Suppose we change the subject,’ the March Hare interrupted, yawning.
‘Supposing it couldn’t find any?’ she suggested.
‘Swim after them!’ it screamed.
‘Take a bone from a dog: what remains?’ Alice considered.
‘Take care!’ cried Alice.
‘Take off your hat,’ the King said to the Hatter.
‘Thank you very much,’ said Alice.
‘Thank you,’ said Alice, ‘it’s very interesting’.
‘That I can’t remember,’ said the Hatter.
‘That accounts for the bleeding, you see,’ she said to Alice with a smile.
‘That proves his guilt,’ said the Queen.
‘That seems to be done right—’ he began.
‘That’s all,’ said Humpty Dumpty.
‘That’s hardly enough,’ he said, anxiously.
‘That’s just what I complain of,’ said Humpty Dumpty.
‘That’s none of your business, Two!’ said Seven.
‘That’s right!’ said the Tiger-lily.
‘That’s right!’ shouted the Queen.
‘That’s very curious!’ she thought.
‘That’s very important,’ the King said, turning to the jury.
‘The daisies are worst of all.
‘Their heads are gone, if it please your Majesty!’ the soldiers shouted in reply.
‘Then if the dog went away, its temper would remain!’ the Queen exclaimed triumphantly.
‘Then it doesn’t matter which way you go,’ said the Cat.
‘Then it ought to be Number One,’ said Alice.
‘Then it wasn’t very civil of you to offer it,’ said Alice angrily.
‘Then the Dormouse shall!’ they both cried.
‘Then you should say what you mean,’ the March Hare went on.
‘There isn’t any,’ said the March Hare.
‘There’s nothing but hay left now,’ the Messenger said, peeping into the bag.
‘They are going to the Grange, then?’ I said.
‘They lived on treacle,’ said the Dormouse, after thinking a minute or two.
‘Thinking again?’ the Duchess asked, with another dig of her sharp little chin.
‘Three hundred and sixty-five,’ said Alice.
‘Tickets, please!’ said the Guard, putting his head in at the window.
‘To answer the door?’ he said.
‘To be sure I do.’ said Alice.
‘To guard against the bites of sharks,’ the Knight replied.
‘Too proud?’ the other inquired.
‘Treacle,’ said a sleepy voice behind her.
‘Treacle,’ said the Dormouse, without considering at all this time.
‘Turn a somersault in the sea!’ cried the Mock Turtle, capering wildly about.
‘Tut, tut, child!’ said the Duchess.
‘Very much indeed,’ said Alice.
‘Very true,’ said the Duchess: ‘flamingoes and mustard both bite’.
‘Very,’ said Alice: ‘—where’s the Duchess?’
‘Wake up, Dormouse!’ And they pinched it on both sides at once.
‘We wanted to plant some flowers there,’ she cried.
‘Well, only on Thursdays,’ said the Queen.
‘Well, this is grand!’ said Alice.
‘Well—yes—a little,’ Alice replied gently.
‘We’d better take it with us,’ the Knight said.
‘What a curious helmet you’ve got!’ she said cheerfully.
‘What a funny watch!’ she remarked.
‘What a number of cucumber-frames there must be!’ thought Alice.
‘What a thick black cloud that is!’ she said.
‘What are they doing?’ Alice whispered.
‘What can all that green stuff be?’ said Alice.
‘What do you call yourself?’ the Fawn said at last.
‘What do you know about this business?’ the King said to Alice.
‘What does it matter where my body happens to be?’ he said.
‘What else have you got in your pocket?’ he went on, turning to Alice.
‘What fun!’ it said, half to itself, half to Alice.
‘What impertinence!’ said the pudding.
‘What is it, now?’ the Frog said in a deep hoarse whisper.
‘What is the fun?’ said Alice.
‘What is the matter, my little man?’ I asked.
‘What is this?’ he said at last.
‘What size do you want to be?’ it asked.
‘What sort of things do you remember best?’ Alice ventured to ask.
‘What was that?’ inquired Alice.
‘What’s that you say?’ - pretending that the kitten was speaking.
‘Where do you come from?’ said the Red Queen.
‘Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?’ he asked.
‘Which door?’ said the Frog.
‘Who are at it again?’ she ventured to ask.
‘Who are you?’ said the Caterpillar.
‘Who ever said it was?’ said the Red Queen.
‘Who’s making personal remarks now?’ the Hatter asked triumphantly.
‘Why all round her head, of course,’ the Rose replied.
‘Why not?’ said the March Hare.
‘Why the Lion and the Unicorn, of course,’ said the King.
‘Why, I’ve done all the screaming already,’ said the Queen.
‘Why, because there’s nobody with me!’ cried Humpty Dumpty.
‘Why, she,’ it said.
‘Why, what are your shoes done with?’ it said.
‘Would it be of any use, now,’ thought Alice, ‘to speak to this mouse?
‘Would you like to see a little of it?’ said the Mock Turtle.
‘Yes!’ shouted Alice.
‘Yes, but then I came and rescued her!’ the White Knight replied.
‘Yes, if you like,’ said Alice.
‘Yes, please do!’ pleaded Alice.
‘Yes, pretty well—some poetry,’ Alice said doubtfully.
‘Yes,’ said Alice, ‘we learned French and music.’
‘You alarm me!’ said the King.
‘You are,’ said the King.
‘You did!’ said the Hatter.
‘You did,’ said the Mock Turtle.
‘You don’t know what you’re talking about!’ cried Humpty Dumpty.
‘You must hit the trees pretty often, I should think,’ she said.
‘You seem very clever at explaining words, Sir,’ said Alice.
‘You take some flour—’ ‘Where do you pick the flower?’ the White Queen asked.
‘You’d better not talk!’ said Five.
‘You’re a very poor speaker,’ said the King.
‘You’re holding it upside down!’ Alice interrupted.
‘You’re thinking about something, my dear, and that makes you forget to talk.
‘You’ve been wrong!’ cried Tweedledum.
‘You’ve missed the soup and fish,’ she said.
‘—so long as I get somewhere,’ Alice added as an explanation.
“A bet,” I said.
“A ripping speech,” he said.
“A thousand thanks,” I said.
“All right,” I said.
“And that’s all I get,” he moaned.
“And what better chance could you ask?” I cried.
“Are you Alexander Turnbull?” he asked.
“At your service,” he said politely.
“Beg pardon, Sir Harry,” said one.
“Bob’s got to go to town tonight,” he added, turning to me.
“Brazen hussy!” said she to Paul.
“But I don’t see,” he went on.
“But I’m a strong teetotaller,” he said pugnaciously.
“But he always gets better,” said Paul after a while.
“By God, the murderer!” he cried.
“Can I speak to you?” he said.
“Can the dispositions not be changed?” I asked.
“Clear, isn’t it?” he said pleasantly.
“Come in here a moment,” I said.
“Consider,” he said.
“Did you tell him what has happened?” he asked.
“Do you wonder?” he cried.
“Does the new Surveyor know you?” I asked.
“Don’t you see it’s a clue,” I shouted.
“First turn to the right up by the long fir-wood,” he enjoined.
“From Rhodesia, you remember.” “Good God, the murderer!” he choked.
“Good evening to you,” he said gravely.
“Good,” said Sir Harry.
“Have they gone?” I asked.
“He is safe,” he cried.
“Here!” piped Paul, small and inadequate.
“Here’s the most I can make of it,” I said.
“How Nellie will chuckle,” said the plump man.
“Hullo, Jopley,” I sang out.
“I am afraid he must put off his journey,” I said.
“I apologise to the shade of Scudder,” he said.
“I call it disgraceful,” he said, raising his voice.
“I can’t, guv’nor,” I said in a real beggar’s whine.
“I don’t know what to make of it,” he said at last.
“I don’t know what you mean,” I said roughly.
“I have spoken to him,” he said.
“I meant to say, Yes.” I had forgotten all about my alias.
“I must see Sir Walter,” I panted.
“I see your design, Bingley,” said his friend.
“I want a word with you.” And I led him into the dining-room.
“I want it in five minutes,” he said.
“I want to write books,” he said.
“I wasn't up very early,” I said.
“I will call him Paul,” she said suddenly; she knew not why.
“I will tell you a tale,” he said.
“I'll see you get your papers in good time,” he said.
“Is his Lordship at home?” I asked.
“Is that place an inn?” I asked.
“It’s a chance,” he said.
“It’s easy speaking,” he moaned.
“It’s got to be more retired than that,” I said.
“It’s up the entry,” said Paul.
“I’m a colonial and travel light.” “A colonial,” he cried.
“I’m very sorry,” he said humbly.
“Let us get on,” he said.
“Listen, Sir Harry,” I said.
“Look at the time,” said the old man.
“Maybe, maybe,” said the old man.
“Meantime I vote we have a game of bridge,” said the plump one.
“Mining engineer,” I said.
“Morning,” said the last.
“Mr Hannay?” he said hesitatingly.
“Mr Scudder...” I stammered.
“My blame, sir,” I answered him.
“My business is desperately important.” That butler was a great man.
“My name’s Hannay,” I said.
“No,” I said.
“No,” said the Frenchman.
“Nonsense!” said the official from the Admiralty.
“Now let us have the little note-book,” said Sir Walter.
“Now, don’t waste it,” said the mother.
“Of course I do,” and he held out his hand.
“Oh, damn,” said the young man.
“Oh, for God’s sake stop jawing,” I cried.
“Pardon,” he said, “I’m a bit rattled tonight”.
“Scotland Yard,” I said.
“See here,” I whispered.
“Should we go, mother?” he said.
“So?” he said, still smiling.
“Stop that row, Paddock,” I said.
“That’s what I tell him,” said the mother.
“That’s what comes of being a teetotaller,” he observed in bitter regret.
“The Black Stone,” he repeated.
“The boy’s uncle is down there,” said Jip quietly.
“There’s a terrible heap of silver in it,” he said.
“There’s two chaps below looking for you,” he whispered.
“There’s worse jobs and there’s better,” I said sententiously.
“These were never made by a country shoemaker.” “They were not,” I said readily.
“They could,” he said.
“This fellow is all right.” They asked one last question.
“Walter he!” came the ringing voice.
“Was it as bad as that?” he asked ruefully.
“We mean regular staircases,” I said.
“Well met, my lad!” He got a horrid fright.
“We’re on the scent at last,” I cried excitedly.
“What do you want to be?” his mother asked.
“What does it feel like?” I asked.
“What matters it how far we go?” his scaly friend replied.
“What was your job in Rhodesia, Mr Hannay?” he asked.
“What’s my dad eating his snap for now?” asked Arthur.
“What’s that?” I asked.
“Where did you find out this story?” I asked.
“Who dost reckon this is?” he asked of his wife.
“Who the devil are you?” he gasped.
“Will yer?” he said, quiet and intense.
“Will you oblige me with the story of your recent doings?” he asked.
“Yes and no,” he said.
“You can take up your life where you left off,” I was told.
“You may dismiss the police from your mind,” he said.
“You seem in a hurry, my friend,” he said slowly.
“Your paper woke them up,” he said gleefully.
“You’ll know me next time, guv’nor,” I said.
“You’re the right sort of fellow,” he said.
“You’re young to be an innkeeper,” I said.
“You’ve a fine taste in boots,” he said.