If I knew it, I would have told you.
Why didn't you phone me up?
I'm not so sure how I feel about dress codes.
I really don't like dress codes.
It's only a matter of days before the book gets published.
Why are you blaming me?
I saw Louis the other day, he was super concerned about you.
Open the shutters and turn off the lights — we can't afford to waste energy!
Just, how big is that closet?
Did you really think it through?
It's freezing outside!
Why do you think awkward silences make us so uncomfortable?
Tyler, Lucy, Michelle, we're going to space!
That tree is not gonna last more than a year or so.
It's shooting branches from the trunk, which means it can't properly get its sap to the top.
Did the president just lie again?
Read some books, won't you?
Reading or not, it's to you, really.
Funny how that one is the only chimney not producing any smoke.
Now, imagine a guy walking through that door and starting to give orders with a heavy accent.
That's pretty creepy if you ask me.
Why didn't you object when you could?
Can I have some of your tasty beverage?
We've been asked to cease and desist, so let us do neither of those things.
Would you believe he actually asked me out?
Can you come pick me up at the office?
I'll catch a bus.
Technically, breaking a mirror is not five years, but seven years of bad luck.
What would you say is the difference between a language and a dialect?
He took a sip from his coffee cup and shook his head.
This statement is completely false.
Try to make eye contact with a stranger on the bus, and hold it for five seconds, without speaking.
Aw man, that's terrible!
The CEO of that Japanese company resigned.
To understand recursion, one must first learn about recursion.
Flick that switch for me, will you?
He stood up, and by the time he went back to his seat everybody in the room was questioning the meaning of life.
The problem is that there is no problem when there should have been one.
Jacqueline, Micheal and Nicholas were often called Jack, Mike and Nokia.
The Poles, meaning the Polish people, obtained independence.
Have you ever been to Singapore?
Well, then, allow me to retort.
If she said “Jump”, he would ask “How high?”
Phil, will you take a stance on this matter?
So you are saying that overpopulation will become an issue?
In “Education” there is no U and I... Wait, actually, I guess there is.
Can you file these files, please?
In origin, heroin was supposed to be the “non-addictive morphine substitute.”
Well, I can guess how that turned out.
If you want to contradict what I just said, you will have to provide footnotes.
I was screwing the screw with a screwdriver, then I said “Screw it.”
Peace came years after the war.
Have you ever been to a theater?
It's funny to observe the rhetoric tricks politicians use when speaking.
Are you ready to hear my counterargument?
Do you ever doodle things on a piece of paper when you're bored?
Oh, look, they opened a Sushi bar around the corner!
