I hope it will rain tomorrow.
The autumn wind was cool and crisp against her skin.
Nobody knows when that day will come.
Don't get too excited, it's just a hat.
The little boy snuggled up against his mother's warm body.
The kitten mewed relentlessly at the top of the stairs.
Stop slurping your soup - it's distracting!
She gently swayed as the train chugged down the tracks.
I could see the anger in his eyes as he lifted his arm threateningly.
Dust rose up from the path as the chariot rolled away.
Her long, golden hair had turned to a matted, disgusting mess.
Without hope, we are all lost.
Everybody knows that one plus one is two.
Don't pick slimy things up off the ground.
I'd like to order the cheeseburger without onions, please.
What's the fastest way to get to Chicago?
Nobody really curtsies anymore.
If you give a child ice cream, you'll probably have to give him a bath later.
It's too hot in here.
Where are my glasses?
It was impossible to justify the actions he'd taken earlier on that hot, summer day.
If you don't listen right now, you will lose your video game time.
Brushing her hand sent an unexpected spark of electricity through him.
I can't believe she did that!
Wherever you go, I want to be by your side.
She doesn't seem to grasp the reality of her current situation.
Is this really the fastest way to get there?
The lobster was expensive and undercooked.
I don't recommend jumping in the deep end if you don't know how to swim.
Why does the cat always rub against your leg right after you get out of the shower?
Do Pokemon cards maintain their value over time?
She carefully selected each bead for her necklace.
Judging from past entries, the competition is very intense at this thing.
Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
His talent is uncommon, but he is unquestionably the best spoon player I've ever heard.
I'm not entirely sure if the emission coming from my car is normal.
I love standing at the top of a mountain on a blustery, cool day with the snow whipping against my face.
She jumped off the precipice without a second thought and plunged into the night, grasping the release cord.
Slow down, that car is braking!
She crouched down to lace her shoes and spotted a four leaf clover.
I talked to Brian and he assured me it wouldn't be a problem.
Sometimes being clever can land you in trouble.
Make sure you carefully read the instructions before starting your project.
Sporks have to be the worst invention ever.
She whirled about so that her dress spun around her until she got dizzy and fell down.
Do you think I should wear shorts or pants?
Don't drink too much in front of your boss.
There is absolutely no way I can finish on time.
What's your favorite song?
Drawing the curtains during warm summer days can help keep the house cooler.
My daughter doesn't realize it, but she skips when she's happy.
The mother bear never strayed more than a few feet from her cubs.
It didn't matter what he did, his hair was always disheveled, as if he'd just woken from a restless sleep.
She mashed the button repeatedly, but it was apparent the elevator was no longer functioning.
The haphazard placement of the furniture and books was disconcerting, to say the least.
She allowed him to guide her down the sidewalk.
Though his body was broken, he was still determined to finish the race.
