Lucca is a great guy, always there for you when you need him.
Oxygen is essential to life on earth, as is water.
Hello Kitty is actually a girl, not a cat.
In sewing, you use seam rippers to cut seams.
Hair elastics tend to get lost.
Do you have coffee?
I've made some delicious pancakes this morning.
DIY projects can help you save money and tailor things to your needs.
I'm currently booked all the way through May.
Her apartment is on the 3rd floor.
I will need some sheet music if you want me to play that.
There is no candy on the dark side.
White washed walls drive me mad.
The printer stopped working.
Lisa and I are good friends.
Tokyo is so humid this time of year.
Tel Aviv is a very gay friendly city.
It is unclear what her motives are.
Driving is a task that requires focus.
My beer glass contains 2 pints.
He is a raging alcoholic.
I'm finishing my masters degree this year and hopefully this will help me land a good job.
Tatarka is a rapper from Russia, she raps in tatar.
Is John really a snow?
Don't let Facebook take up all of your time.
Downward facing dog is a great Yoga position for back aches.
My mother is a lesbian.
There is so much noise in here, I can't hear myself think.
Great Pyrenees is a really awesome dog breed.
Floral arrangements make these tables look divine.
Afrikaans is very similar to Dutch.
Songs are made to make you feel.
I had a really good time at his party.
All I need is Italian Espresso and French Croissants.
Chlorophyll is essential for plant energy production.
Tank tops are a godsend on hot summer days.
I'd love me some iced tea right about now.
The woman in the red dress is stunning.
There are many spoons.
Gelato and ice cream are different.
The care package you sent me arrived just in time.
I love collecting stamps from different countries.
I love shooters, Call of Duty is my favorite.
Shopping for clothes online can be a hard task.
Green, yellow and red bell peppers are the same.
Rectangles have four lines.
Triangles have 3 lines.
Creativity does not always come easy.
The night watch cloaks on Game of Thrones are made from Ikea rugs.
Letting go of the past is a hard task.
