The boy's name was Santiago.
Dusk was falling as the boy arrived with his herd at an abandoned church.
He decided to spend the night there.
I wanted to sleep a little longer, he thought.
He arose and, taking up his crook, began to awaken the sheep that still slept.
"They are so used to me that they know my schedule," he muttered.
But there were certain of them who took a bit longer to awaken.
The boy prodded them, one by one, with his crook, calling each by name.
He had always believed that the sheep were able to understand what he said.
He had been to the village only once, the year before.
A friend had told the boy about the shop, and he had taken his sheep there.
"I need to sell some wool," the boy told the merchant.
The shop was busy, and the man asked the shepherd to wait until the afternoon.
"I didn't know shepherds knew how to read," said a girl's voice behind him.
"Well, usually I learn more from my sheep than from books," he answered.
It was a pleasant change from talking to his sheep.
"How did you learn to read?" the girl asked at one point.
"Like everybody learns," he said.
The boy mumbled an answer that allowed him to avoid responding to her question.
He was sure the girl would never understand.
With the girl with the raven hair, his days would never be the same again.
But finally the merchant appeared, and asked the boy to shear four sheep.
He paid for the wool and asked the shepherd to come back the following year.
And now it was only four days before he would be back in that same village.
He was excited, and at the same time uneasy: maybe the girl had already forgotten him.
Lots of shepherds passed through, selling their wool.
"It doesn't matter," he said to his sheep.
But in his heart he knew that it did matter.
The day was dawning, and the shepherd urged his sheep in the direction of the sun.
They never have to make any decisions, he thought.
Maybe that's why they always stay close to me.
The only things that concerned the sheep were food and water.
The boy was surprised at his thoughts.
Maybe the church, with the sycamore growing from within, had been haunted.
It was the time of day when all of Spain slept during the summer.
The heat lasted until nightfall, and all that time he had to carry his jacket.
The jacket had a purpose, and so did the boy.
That he had attended a seminary until he was sixteen.
worked hard just to have food and water, like the sheep.
He had studied Latin, Spanish, and theology.
That he wanted to travel.
"People from all over the world have passed through this village, son," said his father.
"But I'd like to see the castles in the towns where they live," the boy explained.
"Well, I'd like to see their land, and see how they live," said his son.
His father said no more.
The next day, he gave his son a pouch that held three ancient Spanish gold coins.
I found these one day in the fields.
I wanted them to be a part of your inheritance.
But use them to buy your flock.
And he gave the boy his blessing.
The horizon was tinged with red, and suddenly the sun appeared.
But, most important, he was able every day to live out his dream.
Whenever he could, he sought out a new road to travel.
The problem is that they don't even realize that they're walking a new road every day.
They don't see that the fields are new and the seasons change.
All they think about is food and water.
Maybe we're all that way, the boy mused.
Even me — I haven't thought of other women since I met the merchant's daughter.
Looking at the sun, he calculated that he would reach Tarifa before midday.
He had suddenly remembered that, in Tarifa, there was an old woman who interpreted dreams.
The woman sat down, and told him to be seated as well.
Then she took both of his hands in hers, and began quietly to pray.
It sounded like a Gypsy prayer.
People said that Gypsies spent their lives tricking others.
He didn't want his hand to begin trembling, showing the old woman that he was fearful.
He recited an Our Father silently.
The boy was becoming nervous.
His hands began to tremble, and the woman sensed it.
He quickly pulled his hands away.
"I didn't come here to have you read my palm," he said, already regretting having come.
"You came so that you could learn about your dreams," said the old woman.
When he speaks in our language, I can interpret what he has said.
Another trick, the boy thought.
But he decided to take a chance.
"I have had the same dream twice," he said.
I don't like people to do that, because the sheep are afraid of strangers.
But children always seem to be able to play with them without frightening them.
I don't know why.
"Tell me more about your dream," said the woman.
He paused for a moment to see if the woman knew what the Egyptian pyramids were.
But she said nothing.
The woman was silent for some time.
Then she again took his hands and studied them carefully.
"I'm not going to charge you anything now," she said.
The boy laughed — out of happiness.
"Well, interpret the dream," he said.
The shepherd swore that he would.
"It's a dream in the language of the world," she said.
I can interpret it, but the interpretation is very difficult.
That's why I feel that I deserve a part of what you find.
The boy was surprised, and then irritated.
He didn't need to seek out the old woman for this!
But then he remembered that he wasn't going to have to pay anything.
"I didn't need to waste my time just for this," he said.
I told you that your dream was a difficult one.
I only interpret dreams.
I don't know how to turn them into reality.
Then I don't get paid.
So the boy was disappointed; he decided that he would never again believe in dreams.
The day was hot, and the wine was refreshing.
The boy knew a lot of people in the city.
And then they want the person to change.
If someone isn't what others want them to be, the others become angry.
Three days from now, he would be with the merchant's daughter.
He started to read the book he had bought.
On the very first page it described a burial ceremony.
And the names of the people involved were very difficult to pronounce.
"What are they doing?" the old man asked, pointing at the people in the plaza.
He also tried to remember some good stories to relate as he sheared the sheep.
She would never know the difference, because she didn't know how to read.
Meanwhile, the old man persisted in his attempt to strike up a conversation.
The boy offered his bottle, hoping that the old man would leave him alone.
The boy was shocked.
The old man knew how to read, and had already read the book.
"What's the world's greatest lie?" the boy asked, completely surprised.
"That's never happened to me," the boy said.
"Much better," said the old man.
"He knew what I was thinking," the boy said to himself.
The boy noticed that the man's clothing was strange.
He looked like an Arab, which was not unusual in those parts.
Arabs often appeared in the city, shopping and chanting their strange prayers several times a day.
"Where are you from?" the boy asked.
"No one can be from many places," the boy said.
"So, what is Salem like?" he asked, trying to get some sort of clue.
But he knew that Salem wasn't in Andalusia.
If it were, he would already have heard of it.
"And what do you do in Salem?" he insisted.
"What do I do in Salem?" The old man laughed.
People say strange things, the boy thought.
Sometimes it's better to be with the sheep, who don't say anything.
And better still to be alone with one's books.
They tell their incredible stories at the time when you want to hear them.
"My name is Melchizedek," said the old man.
"Enough," said the boy.
He could see that the old man wanted to know more about his life.
Well, then, we've got a problem.
The boy was getting irritated.
He wasn't asking for help.
"Give me my book," the boy said.
The boy remembered his dream, and suddenly everything was clear to him.
The old man was probably a Gypsy, too.
Something bright reflected from his chest with such intensity that the boy was momentarily blinded.
"I'm the king of Salem," the old man had said.
"Why would a king be talking with a shepherd?" the boy asked, awed and embarrassed.
The boy didn't know what a person's "destiny" was.
It's what you have always wanted to accomplish.
Everyone, when they are young, knows what their destiny is.
At that point in their lives, everything is clear and everything is possible.
None of what the old man was saying made much sense to the boy.
Even when all you want to do is travel?
Yes, or even search for treasure.
The Soul of the World is nourished by people's happiness.
And also by unhappiness, envy, and jealousy.
To realize one's destiny is a person's only real obligation.
All things are one.
They were both silent for a time, observing the plaza and the townspeople.
It was the old man who spoke first.
When he was a child, that man wanted to travel, too.
But he decided first to buy his bakery and put some money aside.
When he's an old man, he's going to spend a month in Africa.
"He should have decided to become a shepherd," the boy said.
"Well, he thought about that," the old man said.
But bakers are more important people than shepherds.
Bakers have homes, while shepherds sleep out in the open.
The boy felt a pang in his heart, thinking about the merchant's daughter.
There was surely a baker in her town.
The old man leafed through the book, and fell to reading a page he came to.
The boy waited, and then interrupted the old man just as he himself had been interrupted.
Because you are trying to realize your destiny.
Not always in this way, but I always appear in one form or another.
Sometimes I appear in the form of a solution, or a good idea.
At other times, at a crucial moment, I make it easier for things to happen.
The miner had abandoned everything to go mining for emeralds.
Since the miner had sacrificed everything to his destiny, the old man decided to become involved.
He transformed himself into a stone that rolled up to the miner's foot.
Maybe that's why they give up on it so early, too.
The boy reminded the old man that he had said something about hidden treasure.
The old man looked disappointed.
"Gypsies are experts at getting people to do that," sighed the old man.
In any case, it's good that you've learned that everything in life has its price.
The old man returned the book to the boy.
Tomorrow, at this same time, bring me a tenth of your flock.
And I will tell you how to find the hidden treasure.
And he vanished around the corner of the plaza.
The boy began again to read his book, but he was no longer able to concentrate.
He was tense and upset, because he knew that the old man was right.
The boy could certainly resist causing that kind of anxiety for the baker.
So he began to wander through the city, and found himself at the gates.
There was a small building there, with a window at which people bought tickets to Africa.
And he knew that Egypt was in Africa.
"Can I help you?" asked the man behind the window.
"Maybe tomorrow," said the boy, moving away.
The idea frightened him.
"Another dreamer," said the ticket seller to his assistant, watching the boy walk away.
He knew all the fields and pastures of Andalusia.
And he knew what was the fair price for every one of his animals.
He decided to return to his friend's stable by the longest route possible.
From there, he could see Africa in the distance.
Curse the moment I met that old man, he thought.
He had come to the town only to find a woman who could interpret his dream.
He knew how to shear them, and how to slaughter them.
If he ever decided to leave them, they would suffer.
The wind began to pick up.
The levanter increased in intensity.
Here I am, between my flock and my treasure, the boy thought.
Maybe she didn't even remember him.
I left my father, my mother, and the town castle behind.
They have gotten used to my being away, and so have I.
The sheep will get used to my not being there, too, the boy thought.
From where he sat, he could observe the plaza.
People continued to come and go from the baker's shop.
"That baker..." he said to himself, without completing the thought.
The levanter was still getting stronger, and he felt its force on his face.
There was nothing to hold him back except himself.
The next day, the boy met the old man at noon.
He brought six sheep with him.
"I'm surprised," the boy said.
My friend bought all the other sheep immediately.
"That's the way it always is," said the old man.
It's called the principle of favorability.
When you play cards the first time, you are almost sure to win.
Then the old man began to inspect the sheep, and he saw that one was lame.
"Where is the treasure?" he asked.
The boy was startled.
The old woman had said the same thing.
But she hadn't charged him anything.
In order to find the treasure, you will have to follow the omens.
Before the boy could reply, a butterfly appeared and fluttered between him and the old man.
He remembered something his grandfather had once told him: that butterflies were a good omen.
Like crickets, and like expectations; like lizards and four-leaf clovers.
"That's right," said the old man, able to read the boy's thoughts.
Just as your grandfather taught you.
The old man opened his cape, and the boy was struck by what he saw.
The old man wore a breastplate of heavy gold, covered with precious stones.
The boy recalled the brilliance he had noticed on the previous day.
He really was a king!
He must be disguised to avoid encounters with thieves.
Always ask an objective question.
But, if you can, try to make your own decisions.
The treasure is at the Pyramids; that you already knew.
The boy put the stones in his pouch.
From then on, he would make his own decisions.
Don't forget that everything you deal with is only one thing and nothing else.
And don't forget the language of omens.
And, above all, don't forget to follow your destiny through to its conclusion.
But before I go, I want to tell you a little story.
It was there that the wise man lived.
He suggested that the boy look around the palace and return in two hours.
After two hours, he returned to the room where the wise man was.
Did you see the garden that it took the master gardener ten years to create?
The boy was embarrassed, and confessed that he had observed nothing.
Upon returning to the wise man, he related in detail everything he had seen.
Looking down at the spoon he held, the boy saw that the oil was gone.
The shepherd said nothing.
He had understood the story the old king had told him.
A shepherd may like to travel, but he should never forget about his sheep.
Then, taking his sheep, he walked away.
At the highest point in Tarifa there is an old fort, built by the Moors.
From atop its walls, one can catch a glimpse of Africa.
The sheep fidgeted nearby, uneasy with their new owner and excited by so much change.
All they wanted was food and water.
Melchizedek watched a small ship that was plowing its way out of the port.
That was his work.
The gods should not have desires, because they don't have destinies.
But the king of Salem hoped desperately that the boy would be successful.
It's too bad that he's quickly going to forget my name, he thought.
I should have repeated it for him.
How strange Africa is, thought the boy.
Some men were smoking from a gigantic pipe that they passed from one to the other.
"A practice of infidels," he said to himself.
The boy felt ill and terribly alone.
The infidels had an evil look about them.
It turned out to be a bitter tea.
The boy preferred wine.
But he didn't need to worry about that right now.
Before long, maybe in just a few days, he would be at the Pyramids.
An old man, with a breastplate of gold, wouldn't have lied just to acquire six sheep.
The sheep had taught him that.
The tea seemed less bitter.
"Who are you?" he heard a voice ask him in Spanish.
The boy was relieved.
He was thinking about omens, and someone had appeared.
"How come you speak Spanish?" he asked.
He was about the same age and height as the boy.
Almost everyone here speaks Spanish.
"Sit down, and let me treat you to something," said the boy.
And ask for a glass of wine for me.
"There is no wine in this country," the young man said.
The boy told him then that he needed to get to the Pyramids.
He almost began to tell about his treasure, but decided not to do so.
He remembered what the old man had said about offering something you didn't even have yet.
I'd like you to take me there if you can.
The boy noticed that the owner of the bar stood nearby, listening attentively to their conversation.
He felt uneasy at the man's presence.
But he had found a guide, and didn't want to miss out on an opportunity.
"You have to cross the entire Sahara desert," said the young man.
And to do that, you need money.
The boy thought it a strange question.
He took his money from his pouch and showed it to the young man.
The owner of the bar came over and looked, as well.
The two men exchanged some words in Arabic, and the bar owner seemed irritated.
"Let's get out of here" said the new arrival.
The boy was relieved.
The boy was strong, and wanted to retaliate, but he was in a foreign country.
His new friend pushed the owner aside, and pulled the boy outside with him.
"He wanted your money," he said.
Tangier is not like the rest of Africa.
The boy trusted his new friend.
He had helped him out in a dangerous situation.
He took out his money and counted it.
"We could get to the Pyramids by tomorrow," said the other, taking the money.
They walked together through the narrow streets of Tangier.
Everywhere there were stalls with items for sale.
They reached the center of a large plaza where the market was held.
But the boy never took his eye off his new friend.
After all, he had all his money.
He thought about asking him to give it back, but decided that would be unfriendly.
He knew nothing about the customs of the strange land he was in.
"I'll just watch him," he said to himself.
He knew he was stronger than his friend.
The scabbard was embossed in silver, and the handle was black and encrusted with precious stones.
The boy promised himself that, when he returned from Egypt, he would buy that sword.
"Ask the owner of that stall how much the sword costs," he said to his friend.
Then he realized that he had been distracted for a few moments, looking at the sword.
His heart squeezed, as if his chest had suddenly compressed it.
because he knew what he would find.
but nowhere could he find his new companion.
The boy wanted to believe that his friend had simply become separated from him by accident.
He decided to stay right there and await his return.
Then, like a colony of worker ants, they dismantled their stalls and left.
The sun began its departure, as well.
All this happened between sunrise and sunset, the boy thought.
He was so ashamed that he wanted to cry.
He had never even wept in front of his own sheep.
But the marketplace was empty, and he was far from home, so he wept.
When I had my sheep, I was happy, and I made those around me happy.
People saw me coming and welcomed me, he thought.
But now I'm sad and alone.
I'm going to become bitter and distrustful of people because one person betrayed me.
I'm going to hate those who have found their treasure because I never found mine.
As he looked at the stones, he felt relieved for some reason.
He could sell the stones and buy a return ticket.
He ran his fingers slowly over the stones, sensing their temperature and feeling their surfaces.
They were his treasure.
Just handling them made him feel better.
They reminded him of the old man.
The boy was trying to understand the truth of what the old man had said.
So, he asked if the old man's blessing was still with him.
He took out one of the stones.
"Am I going to find my treasure?" he asked.
He stuck his hand into the pouch, and felt around for one of the stones.
The boy had never even noticed that there was a hole in his pouch.
He knelt down to find Urim and Thummim and put them back in the pouch.
But as he saw them lying there on the ground, another phrase came to his mind.
"Learn to recognize omens, and follow them," the old king had said.
The boy smiled to himself.
He picked up the two stones and put them back in his pouch.
He didn't consider mending the hole — the stones could fall through any time they wanted.
"I promised that I would make my own decisions," he said to himself.
He looked around at the empty plaza again, feeling less desperate than before.
This wasn't a strange place; it was a new one.
After all, what he had always wanted was just that: to know new places.
He remembered the sword.
"I'm an adventurer, looking for treasure," he said to himself.
He was shaken into wakefulness by someone.
Looking around, he sought his sheep, and then realized that he was in a new world.
But instead of being saddened, he was happy.
He had not a cent in his pocket, but he had faith.
He walked slowly through the market.
The merchants were assembling their stalls, and the boy helped a candy seller to do his.
He's doing it because it's what he wants to do.
Just by looking at them.
It's easy, and yet I've never done it before, he thought.
The boy thanked him, ate it, and went on his way.
And they had understood each other perfectly well.
There must be a language that doesn't depend on words, the boy thought.
I've already had that experience with my sheep, and now it's happening with people.
He was learning a lot of new things.
And he hadn't perceived them because he had become accustomed to them.
Relaxed and unhurried, he resolved that he would walk through the narrow streets of Tangier.
Only in that way would he be able to read the omens.
a lot of patience, but shepherds know all about patience.
"All things are one," the old man had said.
But, as time passed, Tangier had changed.
The nearby city of Ceuta had grown faster than Tangier, and business had fallen off.
Neighbors moved away, and there remained only a few small shops on the hill.
But the crystal merchant had no choice.
He spent the entire morning observing the infrequent comings and goings in the street.
He had done this for years, and knew the schedule of everyone who passed.
But, just before lunchtime, a boy stopped in front of the shop.
A card hanging in the doorway announced that several languages were spoken in the shop.
The boy saw a man appear behind the counter.
"I can clean up those glasses in the window, if you want," said the boy.
The man looked at him without responding.
Taking the jacket out, he began to clean the glasses.
When he had completed the cleaning, he asked the man for something to eat.
"Let's go and have some lunch," said the crystal merchant.
He put a sign on the door, and they went to a small cafe nearby.
As they sat down at the only table in the place, the crystal merchant laughed.
"You didn't have to do any cleaning," he said.
"Well then, why did you let me do it?" the boy asked.
Because the crystal was dirty.
People talk a lot about omens, thought the shepherd.
But they really don't know what they're saying.
"Do you want to go to work for me?" the merchant asked.
"I can work for the rest of today," the boy answered.
I'll work all night, until dawn, and I'll clean every piece of crystal in your shop.
Even if you cleaned my crystal for an entire year...
There was a moment of silence so profound that it seemed the city was asleep.
No hope, no adventure, no old kings or destinies, no treasure, and no Pyramids.
It was as if the world had fallen silent because the boy's soul had.
The merchant looked anxiously at the boy.
All the joy he had seen that morning had suddenly disappeared.
The boy said nothing.
He got up, adjusted his clothing, and picked up his pouch.
"I'll work for you," he said.
"I'd like to build a display case for the crystal," the boy said to the merchant.
"I've never had one before," the merchant answered.
The merchant turned to a customer who wanted three crystal glasses.
He was selling better than ever.
"Business has really improved," he said to the boy, after the customer had left.
I'm doing much better, and soon you'll be able to return to your sheep.
It's called the principle of favorability, beginner's luck.
Because life wants you to achieve your destiny.
But the merchant understood what the boy had said.
He had assumed he would soon return to his sheep.
"Because I've always heard about them," the boy answered, saying nothing about his dream.
They're just a pile of stones.
Two days later, the merchant spoke to the boy about the display.
"I don't much like change," he said.
You and I aren't like Hassan, that rich merchant.
If he makes a buying mistake, it doesn't affect him much.
That's true enough, the boy thought, ruefully.
I want to get back to my sheep faster.
It's called the principle of favorability.
The merchant was silent for a few moments.
His eyes filled with tears as he spoke of the Prophet.
"What's the fifth obligation?" the boy asked.
"Two days ago, you said that I had never dreamed of travel," the merchant answered.
We are obliged, at least once in our lives, to visit the holy city of Mecca.
Mecca is a lot farther away than the Pyramids.
I thought that someday I'd be rich, and could go to Mecca.
At the same time, people were passing my shop all the time, heading for Mecca.
All who went there were happy at having done so.
They placed the symbols of the pilgrimage on the doors of their houses.
"Well, why don't you go to Mecca now?" asked the boy.
I'm afraid that if my dream is realized, I'll have no reason to go on living.
I just want to dream about Mecca.
That day, the merchant gave the boy permission to build the display.
Not everyone can see his dreams come true in the same way.
Two more months passed, and the shelf brought many customers into the crystal shop.
as was Mecca for the merchant.
"You must always know what it is that you want," the old king had said.
The boy knew, and was now working toward it.
He was proud of himself.
The boy, accustomed to recognizing omens, spoke to the merchant.
"Lots of places sell tea around here," the merchant said.
But we could sell tea in crystal glasses.
The people will enjoy the tea and want to buy the glasses.
"What is it you're looking for?" asked the old merchant.
I've already told you.
I've had this shop for thirty years.
I know good crystal from bad, and everything else there is to know about crystal.
I know its dimensions and how it behaves.
If we serve tea in crystal, the shop is going to expand.
I'm already used to the way things are.
It made me very depressed.
Now, I can see that it hasn't been too bad.
The shop is exactly the size I always wanted it to be.
I don't want to change anything, because I don't know how to deal with change.
The boy didn't know what to say.
You have been a real blessing to me.
Today, I understand something I didn't see before: every blessing ignored becomes a curse.
I don't want anything else in life.
But you are forcing me to look at wealth and at horizons I have never known.
They went on smoking the pipe for a while as the sun began to set.
But they could never have taught him Arabic.
All they ever do, really, is look for food and water.
And maybe it wasn't that they were teaching me, but that I was learning from them.
"You would have to have been born an Arab to understand," he answered.
Sometimes, there's just no way to hold back the river.
The men climbed the hill, and they were tired when they reached the top.
But there they saw a crystal shop that offered refreshing mint tea.
They went in to drink the tea, which was served in beautiful crystal glasses.
Eventually, the merchant had to hire two more employees.
And, in that way, the months passed.
The boy awoke before dawn.
He dressed in his Arabian clothing of white linen, bought especially for this day.
He put his headcloth in place and secured it with a ring made of camel skin.
Wearing his new sandals, he descended the stairs silently.
The city was still sleeping.
He prepared himself a sandwich and drank some hot tea from a crystal glass.
Then he sat in the sun-filled doorway, smoking the hookah.
It was a bundle of money.
He waited patiently for the merchant to awaken and open the shop.
Then the two went off to have some more tea.
"I'm leaving today," said the boy.
I have the money I need to buy my sheep.
The old man said nothing.
"Will you give me your blessing?" asked the boy.
"You have helped me." The man continued to prepare his tea, saying nothing.
Then he turned to the boy.
"I am proud of you," he said.
You brought a new feeling into my crystal shop.
But you know that I'm not going to go to Mecca.
"Who told you that?" asked the boy, startled.
And he gave the boy his blessing.
The boy went to his room and packed his belongings.
They filled three sacks.
As he was leaving, he saw, in the corner of the room, his old shepherd's pouch.
It was bunched up, and he had hardly thought of it for a long time.
"Never stop dreaming," the old king had said.
I'm going to go back to doing just what I did before, the boy thought.
Even though the sheep didn't teach me to speak Arabic.
The boy picked up his pouch and put it with his other things.
It was more activity than usual for this time of the morning.
It's almost as if he had been here and left his mark, he thought.
And yet, none of these people has ever met the old king.
He left without saying good-bye to the crystal merchant.
He didn't want to cry with the other people there.
He was going to miss the place and all the good things he had learned.
He was more confident in himself, though, and felt as though he could conquer the world.
Maybe because that wasn't really his dream.
came to the bar he had entered on his first day there.
The thief wasn't there, and the owner brought him a cup of tea.
I can always go back to being a shepherd, the boy thought.
I learned how to care for sheep, and I haven't forgotten how that's done.
But maybe I'll never have another chance to get to the Pyramids in Egypt.
The old man wore a breastplate of gold, and he knew about my past.
He really was a king, a wise king.
the fact that the two hours had stretched into an entire year didn't matter.
I know why I want to get back to my flock, he thought.
I understand sheep; they're no longer a problem, and they can be good friends.
If I don't find it, I can always go home.
I finally have enough money, and all the time I need.
He suddenly felt tremendously happy.
He could always go back to being a shepherd.
He could always become a crystal salesman again.
That doesn't happen to just anyone!
He was planning as he left the bar.
Ten years at the university, and here I am in a corral.
But he had to move on.
He believed in omens.
First he had studied Esperanto, then the world's religions, and now it was alchemy.
He had tried in vain to establish a relationship with an alchemist.
In one he had read that, many years ago, a famous Arabian alchemist had visited Europe.
The Englishman had been profoundly impressed by the story.
"He lives at the Al-Fayoum oasis," his friend had said.
The Englishman could not contain his excitement.
I'm going to find that damned alchemist, the Englishman thought.
And the odor of the animals became a bit more tolerable.
A young Arab, also loaded down with baggage, entered, and greeted the Englishman.
"Where are you bound?" asked the young Arab.
"I'm going into the desert," the man answered, turning back to his reading.
He didn't want any conversation at this point.
The young Arab took out a book and began to read.
The book was written in Spanish.
That's good, thought the Englishman.
He still had some doubts about the decision he had made.
Nearby was the Englishman, reading a book.
He seemed unfriendly, and had looked irritated when the boy had entered.
They might even have become friends, but the Englishman closed off the conversation.
The boy closed his book.
He took Urim and Thummim from his pocket, and began playing with them.
"They're not for sale," he said.
"They're not worth much," the Englishman answered.
They're only made of rock crystal, and there are millions of rock crystals in the earth.
But those who know about such things would know that those are Urim and Thummim.
"They were given to me as a present by a king," the boy said.
"Did you say a king?" he asked.
The same book that taught me about Urim and Thummim.
The boy was suddenly happy to be there at the warehouse.
"Maybe this is an omen," said the Englishman, half aloud.
"Who told you about omens?" The boy's interest was increasing by the moment.
"Everything in life is an omen," said the Englishman, now closing the journal he was reading.
There is a universal language, understood by everybody, but already forgotten.
I am in search of that universal language, among other things.
That's why I'm here.
I have to find a man who knows that universal language.
The conversation was interrupted by the warehouse boss.
"You're in luck, you two," the fat Arab said.
"There's a caravan leaving today for Al-Fayoum."
"But I'm going to Egypt," the boy said.
"Al-Fayoum is in Egypt," said the Arab.
"That's a good luck omen," the Englishman said, after the fat Arab had gone out.
If I could, I'd write a huge encyclopedia just about the words luck and coincidence.
And he asked the boy if he, too, were in search of the alchemist.
"I'm looking for a treasure," said the boy, and he immediately regretted having said it.
But the Englishman appeared not to attach any importance to it.
"In a way, so am I," he said.
"I'm the leader of the caravan," said a dark-eyed, bearded man.
I hold the power of life and death for every person I take with me.
The Englishman had several suitcases filled with books.
There was a murmur from the crowd.
The Englishman said nothing.
And the murmur lasted longer than a simple vow would have.
The people were also praying to heaven for protection.
A long note was sounded on a bugle, and everyone mounted up.
The boy and the Englishman had bought camels, and climbed uncertainly onto their backs.
The caravan moved toward the east.
The boy observed in silence the progress of the animals and people across the desert.
Even the guides spoke very little to one another.
"I've crossed these sands many times," said one of the camel drivers one night.
Whenever he saw the sea, or a fire, he fell silent, impressed by their elemental force.
I've learned things from the sheep, and I've learned things from crystal, he thought.
I can learn something from the desert, too.
It seems old and wise.
It reminded him of the wool from his sheep...
"They're not my sheep anymore," he said to himself, without nostalgia.
They must be used to their new shepherd, and have probably already forgotten me.
He thought of the merchant's daughter, and was sure that she had probably married.
"Hunches," his mother used to call them.
"Maktub," the boy said, remembering the crystal merchant.
The desert was all sand in some stretches, and rocky in others.
where the sand was more substantial.
In some places, the ground was covered with the salt of dried-up lakes.
The drivers carried the freight themselves over such treacherous footing, and then reloaded the camels.
But he found it much more interesting to observe the caravan and listen to the wind.
He became friendly with the camel driver who traveled alongside him.
During one of these conversations, the driver told of his own life.
"I used to live near El Cairum," he said.
I could die happily, and that made me feel good.
One day, the earth began to tremble, and the Nile overflowed its banks.
It was something that I thought could happen only to others, never to me.
I thought that everything I owned would be destroyed.
The land was ruined, and I had to find some other way to earn a living.
So now I'm a camel driver.
Sometimes, their caravan met with another.
the camel drivers exchanged information about windstorms, and told stories about the desert.
They provided warnings about thieves and barbarian tribes.
"There are rumors of tribal wars," he told them.
The three fell silent.
Once again he was experiencing the language without words...
The Englishman asked if they were in danger.
"Once you get into the desert, there's no going back," said the camel driver.
"And you ought to read more about the world," answered the Englishman.
The immense collection of people and animals began to travel faster.
And the leader posted armed sentinels at the fringes of the group.
The Englishman was unable to sleep one night.
He called to the boy, and they took a walk along the dunes surrounding the encampment.
There was a full moon, and the boy told the Englishman the story of his life.
"That's the principle that governs all things," he said.
In alchemy, it's called the Soul of the World.
Everything on earth is being continuously transformed, because the earth is alive.
We are part of that soul, so we rarely recognize that it is working for us.
"I have watched the caravan as it crossed the desert," he said.
They stood there looking at the moon.
"That's the magic of omens," said the boy.
"And I'd better read your books," said the boy.
They were strange books.
They spoke about mercury, salt, dragons, and kings, and he didn't understand any of it.
"It's the Emerald Tablet," said the Englishman, proud that he might teach something to the boy.
"Well, then, why do we need all these books?" the boy asked.
The book that most interested the boy told the stories of the famous alchemists.
They called that discovery the Master Work — it was part liquid and part solid.
"Can't you just observe men and omens in order to understand the language?" the boy asked.
"You have a mania for simplifying everything," answered the Englishman, irritated.
Alchemy is a serious discipline.
And the solid part was called the Philosopher's Stone.
"It's not easy to find the Philosopher's Stone," said the Englishman.
The alchemists spent years in their laboratories, observing the fire that purified the metals.
The boy thought about the crystal merchant.
Having heard that, the boy became even more interested in alchemy.
He thought that, with some patience, he'd be able to transform everything into gold.
They were fascinating stories: each of them lived out his destiny to the end.
There were just drawings, coded instructions, and obscure texts.
"Why do they make things so complicated?" he asked the Englishman one night.
The boy had noticed that the Englishman was irritable, and missed his books.
"So that those who have the responsibility for understanding can understand," he said.
Imagine if everyone went around transforming lead into gold.
Gold would lose its value.
That's why I'm here in the middle of the desert.
"When were these books written?" the boy asked.
"They didn't have the printing press in those days," the boy argued.
There was no way for everybody to know about alchemy.
The Englishman didn't answer him directly.
Then one day the boy returned the books to the Englishman.
"Did you learn anything?" the Englishman asked, eager to hear what it might be.
He needed someone to talk to so as to avoid thinking about the possibility of war.
The Englishman was disappointed.
The years of research, the magic symbols, the strange words and the laboratory equipment...
None of this had made an impression on the boy.
His soul must be too primitive to understand those things, he thought.
He took back his books and packed them away again in their bags.
"Go back to watching the caravan," he said.
"Everyone has his or her own way of learning things," he said to himself.
His way isn't the same as mine, nor mine as his.
The caravan began to travel day and night.
The caravan would be very lucky to reach the oasis.
The animals were exhausted, and the men talked among themselves less and less.
The camel driver, though, seemed not to be very concerned with the threat of war.
When I'm eating, that's all I think about.
If I'm on the march, I just concentrate on marching.
Because I don't live in either my past or my future.
I'm interested only in the present.
If you can concentrate always on the present, you'll be a happy man.
"It's the oasis," said the camel driver.
"Well, why don't we go there right now?" the boy asked.
The boy awoke as the sun rose.
"We've done it!" said the Englishman, who had also awakened early.
But the boy was quiet.
just a memory, right now it signified shade, water, and a refuge from the war.
The world speaks many languages, the boy thought.
But none of that mattered to the alchemist.
He had already seen many people come and go, and the desert remained as it was.
He had seen kings and beggars walking the desert sands.
He decided to concentrate on more practical matters.
The omens had told him so.
He didn't know the man yet, but his practiced eye would recognize him when he appeared.
He hoped that it would be someone as capable as his previous apprentice.
I don't know why these things have to be transmitted by word of mouth, he thought.
There were three hundred wells, fifty thousand date trees, and innumerable colored tents spread among them.
They were surrounded by children, curious to look at the animals and people that were arriving.
They were relieved and happy.
That was the law of hospitality.
"Those are the rules of war," the leader explained.
"Why a revolver?" he asked.
"It helped me to trust in people," the Englishman answered.
Meanwhile, the boy thought about his treasure.
The closer he got to the realization of his dream, the more difficult things became.
It seemed as if what the old king had called "beginner's luck" were no longer functioning.
So he could not be hasty, nor impatient.
He had surprised himself with the thought.
Until then, he had considered the omens to be things of this world.
Like eating or sleeping, or like seeking love or finding a job.
"Don't be impatient," he repeated to himself.
It's like the camel driver said: 'Eat when it's time to eat.
That first day, everyone slept from exhaustion, including the Englishman.
They were people of the desert, and clamored to hear his stories about the great cities.
"I've been looking for you all morning," he said, as he led the boy outside.
First, they tried to find him on their own.
"Maybe we'd better ask someone," the boy suggested.
But, finally, he agreed that the boy, who spoke better Arabic than he, should do so.
The woman said she had never heard of such a person, and hurried away.
He should respect tradition.
The Englishman was disappointed.
It seemed he had made the long journey for nothing.
The boy was also saddened; his friend was in pursuit of his destiny.
He couldn't have been wrong.
"I had never heard of alchemists before," the boy said.
The Englishman's eyes lit up.
Maybe no one here knows what an alchemist is!
Then a man approached.
"Do you know someone here who cures people's illnesses?" the boy asked.
"You're looking for witch doctors." He spoke some verses from the Koran, and moved on.
He was older, and was carrying a small bucket.
The boy repeated his question.
"Why do you want to find that sort of person?" the Arab asked.
Not even the tribal chieftains are able to see him when they want to.
Only when he consents.
Wait for the end of the war.
Then leave with the caravan.
Don't try to enter into the life of the oasis.
But the Englishman was exultant.
They were on the right track.
Finally, a young woman approached who was not dressed in black.
The boy approached her to ask about the alchemist.
Something older than humanity, more ancient than the desert.
It was the pure Language of the World.
It required no explanation, just as the universe needs none as it travels through endless time.
He was more certain of it than of anything in the world.
But maybe people who felt that way had never learned the universal language.
the hand that evokes love, and creates a twin soul for every person in the world.
Without such love, one's dreams would have no meaning.
Maktub, thought the boy.
The boy stepped closer to the girl, and when she smiled, he did the same.
"What's your name?" he asked.
"Fatima," the girl said, averting her eyes.
"It's the name of the Prophet's daughter," Fatima said.
"The invaders carried the name everywhere." The beautiful girl spoke of the invaders with pride.
The Englishman prodded him, and the boy asked her about the man who cured people's illnesses.
"That's the man who knows all the secrets of the world," she said.
The genies were the spirits of good and evil.
And the girl pointed to the south, indicating that it was there the strange man lived.
Then she filled her vessel with water and left.
The Englishman vanished, too, gone to find the alchemist.
The next day, the boy returned to the well, hoping to see the girl.
"I waited all afternoon and evening," he said.
He appeared with the first stars of evening.
I told him that was what I had come here to learn.
He told me I should try to do so.
The boy didn't say anything.
"So, then try," he said to the Englishman.
That's what I'm going to do.
As the Englishman left, Fatima arrived and filled her vessel with water.
"I came to tell you just one thing," the boy said.
I want you to be my wife.
The girl dropped the container, and the water spilled.
I'm going to wait here for you every day.
"The war is going to end someday," the girl said.
The boy looked around him at the date palms.
Fatima was more important than his treasure.
She refilled her vessel and left.
The boy went to the well every day to meet with Fatima.
"We don't know when the war will end, so we can't continue our journey," he said.
The battles may last for a long time, perhaps even years.
There are powerful forces on both sides, and the war is important to both armies.
It's not a battle of good against evil.
He told her about the morning's meeting.
Then, you taught me something of the universal language and the Soul of the World.
I have been waiting for you here at this oasis for a long time.
The boy wanted to take her hand.
But Fatima's hands held to the handles of her jug.
You have told me about your dreams, about the old king and your treasure.
And you've told me about omens.
So now, I fear nothing, because it was those omens that brought you to me.
That's why I want you to continue toward your goal.
If you have to wait until the war is over, then wait.
But if you have to go before then, go on in pursuit of your dream.
The dunes are changed by the wind, but the desert never changes.
That's the way it will be with our love for each other.
The boy was sad as he left her that day.
He thought of all the married shepherds he had known.
Love required them to stay with the people they loved.
He told Fatima that, at their next meeting.
"The desert takes our men from us, and they don't always return," she said.
We know that, and we are used to it.
They become a part of everything...
they become the Soul of the World.
Some do come back.
I used to look at those women and envy them their happiness.
Now, I too will be one of the women who wait.
I'm a desert woman, and I'm proud of that.
I want my husband to wander as free as the wind that shapes the dunes.
The boy went to look for the Englishman.
He wanted to tell him about Fatima.
It was a strange furnace, fueled by firewood, with a transparent flask heating on top.
"This is the first phase of the job," he said.
I have to separate out the sulfur.
To do that successfully, I must have no fear of failure.
It was my fear of failure that first kept me from attempting the Master Work.
Now, I'm beginning what I could have started ten years ago.
He wandered for a while, keeping the date palms of the oasis within sight.
He listened to the wind, and felt the stones beneath his feet.
He sat on a stone, and allowed himself to become hypnotized by the horizon.
As he sat there thinking, he sensed movement above him.
Looking up, he saw a pair of hawks flying high in the sky.
He watched the hawks as they drifted on the wind.
It was just that he couldn't grasp what it meant.
He followed the movement of the birds, trying to read something into it.
Maybe these desert birds could explain to him the meaning of love without ownership.
In his heart, he wanted to remain awake, but he also wanted to sleep.
And, in that mood, he was grateful to be in love.
When you are in love, things make even more sense, he thought.
Suddenly, one of the hawks made a flashing dive through the sky, attacking the other.
The vision vanished immediately, but it had shaken him.
But he certainly didn't desire that an army invade the oasis.
He wanted to forget about the vision, and return to his meditation.
He tried again to concentrate on the pink shades of the desert, and its stones.
But there was something there in his heart that wouldn't allow him to do so.
"Always heed the omens," the old king had said.
He rose, and made his way back toward the palm trees.
The camel driver was seated at the base of a palm tree, observing the sunset.
He saw the boy appear from the other side of the dunes.
"An army is coming," the boy said.
"The desert fills men's hearts with visions," the camel driver answered.
The camel driver understood what the boy was saying.
whatever the thing observed, one could find a connection with his experience of the moment.
They were known as seers, and they were held in fear by women and the elderly.
Where was his horse?
What kind of blow should one deliver next in order to remain alive?
The camel driver was not a fighter, and he had consulted with seers.
Many of them had been right about what they said, while some had been wrong.
"But then they wouldn't be a part of your future," the seer had said.
"If good things are coming, they will be a pleasant surprise," said the seer.
That day, he didn't make a cast.
He wrapped the twigs in a piece of cloth and put them back in his bag.
"I make my living forecasting the future for people," he said.
How do I guess at the future?
Based on the omens of the present.
The secret is here in the present.
If you pay attention to the present, you can improve upon it.
And, if you improve on the present, what comes later will also be better.
Only when he, himself, reveals it.
Why was it that he wanted the boy to serve as his instrument?
"Go and speak to the tribal chieftains," said the camel driver.
They're not concerned with that right now.
It has happened many times before.
The boy thought of Fatima.
And he decided he would go to see the chiefs of the tribes.
I want to see the chieftains.
Without responding, the guard entered the tent, where he remained for some time.
When he emerged, it was with a young Arab, dressed in white and gold.
younger man what he had seen, and the man asked him to wait there.
He disappeared into the tent.
Night fell, and an assortment of fighting men and merchants entered and exited the tent.
One by one, the campfires were extinguished, and the oasis fell as quiet as the desert.
Only the lights in the great tent remained.
Finally, after hours of waiting, the guard bade the boy enter.
The boy was astonished by what he saw inside.
Servants came and went with silver trays laden with spices and tea.
Other servants maintained the fires in the hookahs.
The atmosphere was suffused with the sweet scent of smoke.
At his side was the young Arab the boy had spoken with earlier.
"Who is this stranger who speaks of omens?" asked one of the chieftains, eyeing the boy.
"It is I," the boy answered.
And he told what he had seen.
"Because my eyes are not yet accustomed to the desert," the boy said.
And also because I know about the Soul of the World, he thought to himself.
The oasis is neutral ground.
No one attacks an oasis.
I can only tell you what I saw.
The men fell into an animated discussion.
The boy became fearful; the omens told him that something was wrong.
He regretted having spoken to the camel driver about what he had seen in the desert.
Suddenly, the elder at the center smiled almost imperceptibly, and the boy felt better.
vibrations of peace throughout the tent.
Now his intuition was that he had been right in coming.
Then he turned to the boy: this time his expression was cold and distant.
Our merchants bought that man, and brought him to Egypt.
His name was Joseph.
He paused, and his eyes were still unfriendly.
We always observe the Tradition.
The Tradition teaches men how to cross the desert, and how their children should marry.
No one said a word as the old man continued.
But the Tradition also says that we should believe the messages of the desert.
The old man gave a signal, and everyone stood.
The meeting was over.
The hookahs were extinguished, and the guards stood at attention.
Throughout the entire day we will be on the lookout for our enemies.
When the sun sets, the men will once again surrender their arms to me.
For every ten dead men among our enemies, you will receive a piece of gold.
But arms cannot be drawn unless they also go into battle.
He was twenty minutes from his tent, and began to make his way there.
He was alarmed by what had happened.
Every day was there to be lived or to mark one's departure from this world.
Walking along in the silence, he had no regrets.
The area was swirling in dust so intense that it hid the moon from view.
Before him was an enormous white horse, rearing over him with a frightening scream.
When the blinding dust had settled a bit, the boy trembled at what he saw.
The strange horseman drew an enormous, curved sword from a scabbard mounted on his saddle.
The steel of its blade glittered in the light of the moon.
"It is I who dared to do so," said the boy.
This man looked exactly the same, except that now the roles were reversed.
The sword didn't fall.
Instead, the stranger lowered it slowly, until the point touched the boy's forehead.
It drew a droplet of blood.
The horseman was completely immobile, as was the boy.
It didn't even occur to the boy to flee.
The omens had been true, after all.
And, tomorrow, his enemy would also be a part of that Soul.
The stranger continued to hold the sword at the boy's forehead.
I read only what the birds wanted to tell me.
They wanted to save the oasis.
The sword remained where it was.
Everything has been written by the same hand.
The stranger withdrew the sword from the boy's forehead, and the boy felt immensely relieved.
But he still couldn't flee.
"Be careful with your prognostications," said the stranger.
"All I saw was an army," said the boy.
The stranger seemed satisfied with the answer.
But he kept the sword in his hand.
I am following my destiny.
The stranger placed his sword in its scabbard, and the boy relaxed.
"I had to test your courage," the stranger said.
The boy was surprised.
The stranger was speaking of things that very few people knew about.
"You must not let up, even after having come so far," he continued.
You must love the desert, but never trust it completely.
What he said reminded the boy of the old king.
The same hand that had brandished the sword now held a whip.
The horse reared again, raising a cloud of dust.
"Where do you live?" shouted the boy, as the horseman rode away.
The hand with the whip pointed to the south.
The boy had met the alchemist.
Next morning, there were two thousand armed men scattered throughout the palm trees at Al- Fayoum.
Before the sun had reached its high point, five hundred tribesmen appeared on the horizon.
And they attacked an empty tent.
The only tribesman spared was the commander of the battalion.
He condemned the commander to death without honor.
The tribal chieftain called for the boy, and presented him with fifty pieces of gold.
But the boy sat down and waited.
Not until the moon was high did the alchemist ride into view.
He carried two dead hawks over his shoulder.
"I am here," the boy said.
"You shouldn't be here," the alchemist answered.
With the wars between the tribes, it's impossible to cross the desert.
It was a tent like many at the oasis.
The boy looked around for the ovens and other apparatus used in alchemy, but saw none.
We'll have something to drink and eat these hawks.
The alchemist lighted the fire, and soon a delicious aroma filled the tent.
It was better than the scent of the hookahs.
"Why did you want to see me?" the boy asked.
"Because of the omens," the alchemist answered.
It's not I the wind spoke about.
It's the other foreigner, the Englishman.
He has other things to do first.
But he's on the right track.
Another person was there to help him toward his destiny.
You already know all you need to know.
"But there's a tribal war," the boy reiterated.
I have already found my treasure.
"But none of that is from the Pyramids," said the alchemist.
They ate in silence.
The alchemist opened a bottle and poured a red liquid into the boy's cup.
It was the most delicious wine he had ever tasted.
"It's not what enters men's mouths that's evil," said the alchemist.
The alchemist was a bit daunting, but, as the boy drank the wine, he relaxed.
"Drink and enjoy yourself," said the alchemist, noticing that the boy was feeling happier.
Rest well tonight, as if you were a warrior preparing for combat.
Remember that wherever your heart is, there you will find your treasure.
Tomorrow, sell your camel and buy a horse.
Camels are traitorous: they walk thousands of paces and never seem to tire.
Then suddenly, they kneel and die.
But horses tire bit by bit.
The following night, the boy appeared at the alchemist's tent with a horse.
Show me where there is life out in the desert.
They began to ride out over the sands, with the moon lighting their way.
I don't know if I'll be able to find life in the desert, the boy thought.
I don't know the desert that well yet.
He wanted to say so to the alchemist, but he was afraid of the man.
"I don't know how to find life in the desert," the boy said.
"Life attracts life," the alchemist answered.
And then the boy understood.
He loosened the reins on his horse, who galloped forward over the rocks and sand.
The alchemist followed as the boy's horse ran for almost half an hour.
Suddenly, for no apparent reason, the boy's horse began to slow.
"There's life here," the boy said to the alchemist.
They dismounted, and the alchemist said nothing.
Advancing slowly, they searched among the stones.
The alchemist stopped abruptly, and bent to the ground.
There was a hole there among the stones.
His arm seemed to be battling with whatever was in the hole.
In his hand, he grasped a snake by the tail.
The boy leapt as well, but away from the alchemist.
The snake fought frantically, making hissing sounds that shattered the silence of the desert.
It was a cobra, whose venom could kill a person in minutes.
"Watch out for his venom," the boy said.
"The alchemist is two hundred years old," the Englishman had told him.
He must know how to deal with the snakes of the desert.
The boy watched as his companion went to his horse and withdrew a scimitar.
The serpent relaxed immediately.
"Not to worry," said the alchemist.
He won't leave the circle.
The boy didn't want to talk about the Pyramids.
His heart was heavy, and he had been melancholy since the previous night.
To continue his search for the treasure meant that he had to abandon Fatima.
"I'm going to guide you across the desert," the alchemist said.
"I want to stay at the oasis," the boy answered.
"Fatima is a woman of the desert," said the alchemist.
She knows that men have to go away in order to return.
And she already has her treasure: it's you.
Let me tell you what will happen.
You'll be the counselor of the oasis.
You have enough gold to buy many sheep and many camels.
You'll marry Fatima, and you'll both be happy for a year.
You'll watch them as they grow, demonstrating how the world is always changing.
Sometime during the second year, you'll remember about the treasure.
The omens will begin insistently to speak of it, and you'll try to ignore them.
You'll use your knowledge for the welfare of the oasis and its inhabitants.
The tribal chieftains will appreciate what you do.
And your camels will bring you wealth and power.
During the third year, the omens will continue to speak of your treasure and your destiny.
But you will love her, and she'll return your love.
So you won't blame her.
have trusted more in your love for Fatima.
At that point, the omens will tell you that your treasure is buried forever.
The tribal chieftains will see that, and you'll be dismissed from your position as counselor.
You must understand that love never keeps a man from pursuing his destiny.
If he abandons that pursuit, it's because it wasn't truelove...
The alchemist erased the circle in the sand, and the snake slithered away among the rocks.
He thought of the woman who had trusted in the desert.
And he looked out over the desert that had brought him to the woman he loved.
"I'm going with you," the boy said.
And he immediately felt peace in his heart.
"We'll leave tomorrow before sunrise," was the alchemist's only response.
The boy spent a sleepless night.
"Now leave us alone," said the boy to the young Arab.
Fatima appeared at the entrance to the tent.
The two walked out among the palms.
"I'm going away," he said.
And I want you to know that I'm coming back.
"Don't say anything," Fatima interrupted.
One is loved because one is loved.
I had a dream, and I met with a king.
I sold crystal and crossed the desert.
And, because the tribes declared war, I went to the well, seeking the alchemist.
It was the first time either had touched the other.
"I'll be back," the boy said.
"Before this, I always looked to the desert with longing," said Fatima.
Now it will be with hope.
They said nothing else.
"I'll return, just as your father came back to your mother," he said.
He saw that Fatima's eyes were filled with tears.
"I'm a woman of the desert," she said, averting her face.
But everything had changed.
From that day on, the oasis would be an empty place for her.
From that day on, it was the desert that would be important.
"Men dream more about coming home than about leaving," the boy said.
He was already re- accustomed to desert's silence.
If what one finds is made of pure matter, it will never spoil.
And one can always come back.
The man was speaking the language of alchemy.
But the boy knew that he was referring to Fatima.
It was difficult not to think about what he had left behind.
The desert, with its endless monotony, put him to dreaming.
Maybe the alchemist has never been in love, the boy thought.
The alchemist rode in front, with the falcon on his shoulder.
On the first day he returned with a rabbit, and on the second with two birds.
At night, they spread their sleeping gear and kept their fires hidden.
The war continued, and at times the wind carried the sweet, sickly smell of blood.
On the seventh day, the alchemist decided to make camp earlier than usual.
"You are almost at the end of your journey," said the alchemist.
"And you've told me nothing along the way," said the boy.
I thought you were going to teach me some of the things you know.
A while ago, I rode through the desert with a man who had books on alchemy.
"There is only one way to learn," the alchemist answered.
Everything you need to know you have learned through your journey.
"They were looking only for gold," his companion answered.
"What is it that I still need to know?" the boy asked.
But the alchemist continued to look to the horizon.
And finally the falcon returned with their meal.
"I'm an alchemist simply because I'm an alchemist," he said, as he prepared the meal.
In those times, the Master Work could be written simply on an emerald.
But men began to reject simple things, and to write tracts, interpretations, and philosophical studies.
They also began to feel that they knew a better way than others had.
"What was written on the Emerald Tablet?" the boy wanted to know.
"This is what was written on the Emerald Tablet," said the alchemist, when he had finished.
The boy tried to read what was written in the sand.
"It's a code," said the boy, a bit disappointed.
"No," the alchemist answered.
It's like the flight of those two hawks; it can't be understood by reason alone.
The Emerald Tablet is a direct passage to the Soul of the World.
"Should I understand the Emerald Tablet?" the boy asked.
But you are in the desert.
So immerse yourself in it.
Listen to your heart.
They crossed the desert for another two days in silence.
As they moved along, the boy tried to listen to his heart.
"But my heart is agitated," the boy said.
Your heart is alive.
The boy's heart began to speak of fear.
"That makes sense," the alchemist answered.
Because you will never again be able to keep it quiet.
Treason is a blow that comes unexpectedly.
If you know your heart well, it will never be able to do that to you.
Because you'll know its dreams and wishes, and will know how to deal with them.
You will never be able to escape from your heart.
So it's better to listen to what it has to say.
The boy continued to listen to his heart as they crossed the desert.
He came to understand its dodges and tricks, and to accept it as it was.
Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself.
So his heart was quiet for an entire afternoon.
"Everyone on earth has a treasure that awaits him," his heart said.
We speak of them only to children.
Later, we simply let life proceed, in its own direction, toward its own fate.
So, we, their hearts, speak more and more softly.
From then on, the boy understood his heart.
He asked it, please, never to stop speaking to him.
The boy swore that, every time he heard the alarm, he would heed its message.
That night, he told all of this to the alchemist.
And the alchemist understood that the boy's heart had returned to the Soul of the World.
"So what should I do now?" the boy asked.
"Continue in the direction of the Pyramids," said the alchemist.
And continue to pay heed to the omens.
"No," the alchemist answered.
That's the point at which most people give up.
Every search begins with beginner's luck.
The boy remembered an old proverb from his country.
It said that the darkest hour of the night came just before the dawn.
On the following day, the first clear sign of danger appeared.
Three armed tribesmen approached, and asked what the boy and the alchemist were doing there.
"I'm hunting with my falcon," the alchemist answered.
The alchemist dismounted slowly, and the boy did the same.
"Why are you carrying money?" asked the tribesman, when he had searched the boy's bag.
"I need it to get to the Pyramids," he said.
"What are these things?" he asked.
That's the Philosopher's Stone and the Elixir of Life.
It's the Master Work of the alchemists.
The Arabs laughed at him, and the alchemist laughed along.
"Are you crazy?" the boy asked the alchemist, when they had moved on.
"To show you one of life's simple lessons," the alchemist answered.
They continued across the desert.
With every day that passed, the boy's heart became more and more silent.
"Does a man's heart always help him?" the boy asked the alchemist.
Mostly just the hearts of those who are trying to realize their destinies.
"It means only that the heart does what it can," the alchemist said.
One afternoon, they passed by the encampment of one of the tribes.
The men were smoking their hookahs and trading stories from the battlefield.
No one paid any attention to the two travelers.
"There's no danger," the boy said, when they had moved on past the encampment.
Trust in your heart, but never forget that you're in the desert.
All things are one, the boy thought.
"You can't go any farther," one of them said.
"I'm not going very far," the alchemist answered, looking straight into the eyes of the horsemen.
The boy watched the exchange with fascination.
"You dominated those horsemen with the way you looked at them," he said.
"Your eyes show the strength of your soul," answered the alchemist.
That's true, the boy thought.
He had been so far away that his face wasn't even visible.
But the boy was certain that he had been looking at them.
You already know about alchemy.
No, that's not what I mean.
"Everything in the universe evolved," he said.
And, for wise men, gold is the metal that evolved the furthest.
Don't ask me why; I don't know why.
I just know that the Tradition is always right.
Men have never understood the words of the wise.
"There are many languages spoken by things," the boy said.
There was a time when, for me, a camel's whinnying was nothing more than whinnying.
Then it became a signal of danger.
But then he stopped.
The alchemist probably already knew all that.
"I have known true alchemists," the alchemist continued.
They locked themselves in their laboratories, and tried to evolve, as gold had.
Others stumbled upon the stone by accident.
But they don't count.
And then there were the others, who were interested only in gold.
They never found the secret.
They forgot that lead, copper, and iron have their own destinies to fulfill.
The alchemist's words echoed out like a curse.
He reached over and picked up a shell from the ground.
"This desert was once a sea," he said.
"I noticed that," the boy answered.
The alchemist told the boy to place the shell over his ear.
The sea has lived on in this shell, because that's its destiny.
They mounted their horses, and rode out in the direction of the Pyramids of Egypt.
The sun was setting when the boy's heart sounded a danger signal.
But he appeared to be unaware of any danger.
two horsemen waiting ahead of them.
They were tribesmen dressed in blue, with black rings surrounding their turbans.
Their faces were hidden behind blue veils, with only their eyes showing.
Even from a distance, their eyes conveyed the strength of their souls.
And their eyes spoke of death.
The two were taken to a nearby military camp.
"These are the spies," said one of the men.
"We're just travelers," the alchemist answered.
You were seen at the enemy camp three days ago.
"I'm just a man who wanders the desert and knows the stars," said the alchemist.
I have no information about troops or about the movement of the tribes.
"Who is your friend?" the chief asked.
"An alchemist," said the alchemist.
He understands the forces of nature.
The boy listened quietly.
"What is a foreigner doing here?" asked another of the men.
And seizing the boy's bag, the alchemist gave the gold coins to the chief.
The Arab accepted them without a word.
There was enough there to buy a lot of weapons.
"What is an alchemist?" he asked, finally.
It's a man who understands nature and the world.
Yet each felt his heart beat a bit faster.
They were men of the desert, and they were fearful of sorcerers.
"I want to see him do it," said the chief.
"He needs three days," answered the alchemist.
He is going to transform himself into the wind, just to demonstrate his powers.
"You can't offer me something that is already mine," the chief said, arrogantly.
But he granted the travelers three days.
The boy was shaking with fear, but the alchemist helped him out of the tent.
"Don't let them see that you're afraid," the alchemist said.
But the boy couldn't even speak.
There was no need to imprison them: the Arabs simply confiscated their horses.
"You gave them everything I had!" the boy said.
"Well, what good would it be to you if you had to die?" the alchemist answered.
Your money saved us for three days.
But the boy was too frightened to listen to words of wisdom.
He had no idea how he was going to transform himself into the wind.
He wasn't an alchemist!
"Don't give in to your fears," said the alchemist, in a strangely gentle voice.
If a person is living out his destiny, he knows everything he needs to know.
I'm not afraid of failing.
Then you'll die in the midst of trying to realize your destiny.
"But don't worry," the alchemist continued.
The first day passed.
The dead soldiers were replaced by others, and life went on.
Death doesn't change anything, the boy thought.
You could have died after peace had been declared.
"I still have no idea how to turn myself into the wind," the boy repeated.
"You're the one who may die," the alchemist said.
On the second day, the boy climbed to the top of a cliff near the camp.
In any case, the desert was impassable.
The boy knew the desert sensed his fear.
They both spoke the same language.
On the third day, the chief met with his officers.
"Let's," the alchemist answered.
The boy took them to the cliff where he had been on the previous day.
He told them all to be seated.
"It's going to take a while," the boy said.
"We're in no hurry," the chief answered.
The boy looked out at the horizon.
There were mountains in the distance.
And there were dunes, rocks, and plants that insisted on living where survival seemed impossible.
"What do you want here today?" the desert asked him.
"Somewhere you are holding the person I love," the boy said.
So, when I look out over your sands, I am also looking at her.
"What is love?" the desert asked.
Love is the falcon's flight over your sands.
Because for him, you are a green field, from which he always returns with game.
"The falcon's beak carries bits of me, myself," the desert said.
"But that's why you created the game in the first place," the boy answered.
To nourish the falcon.
And the falcon then nourishes man.
And, eventually, man will nourish your sands, where the game will once again flourish.
Yes, that's what love is.
"I don't understand what you're talking about," the desert said.
The desert didn't answer him for a few moments.
A breeze began to blow.
The wind approached the boy and touched his face.
It knew of the boy's talk with the desert, because the winds know everything.
They blow across the world without a birthplace, and with no place to die.
"Help me," the boy said.
The wind has many names.
"You can't be the wind," the wind said.
"That's not true," the boy said.
I learned the alchemist's secrets in my travels.
We were all made by the same hand, and we have the same soul.
"I heard what you were talking about the other day with the alchemist," the wind said.
He said that everything has its own destiny.
"Just teach me to be the wind for a few moments," the boy said.
The wind's curiosity was aroused, something that had never happened before.
And look how many things the wind already knew how to do!
When you are loved, you can do anything in creation.
It commenced to blow harder, raising the desert sands.
And it knew nothing about love.
"Well then, help me do that," the boy said.
Fill this place with a sandstorm so strong that it blots out the sun.
So the wind blew with all its strength, and the sky was filled with sand.
The sun was turned into a golden disk.
At the camp, it was difficult to see anything.
The men of the desert were already familiar with that wind.
They called it the simum, and it was worse than a storm at sea.
Their horses cried out, and all their weapons were filled with sand.
They could barely see the boy.
Their faces were covered with the blue cloths, and their eyes showed fear.
"Let's stop this," another commander said.
"The wind told me that you know about love" the boy said to the sun.
"From where I am," the sun said, "I can see the Soul of the World.
"So you know about love," the boy said.
"But there was a sixth day," the sun went on.
"You are wise, because you observe everything from a distance," the boy said.
But you don't know about love.
It's true that everything has its destiny, but one day that destiny will be realized.
The sun thought about that, and decided to shine more brightly.
"This is why alchemy exists," the boy said.
That's what alchemists do.
"Well, why did you say that I don't know about love?" the sun asked the boy.
And it's not love to see everything from a distance, like you do.
Love is the force that transforms and improves the Soul of the World.
When I first reached through to it, I thought the Soul of the World was perfect.
And that's where the power of love comes in.
"So what do you want of me?" the sun asked.
"I want you to help me turn myself into the wind," the boy answered.
"Nature knows me as the wisest being in creation," the sun said.
The sun thought for a minute.
That it was unable to deal with this boy who spoke the Language of the World.
"Speak to the hand that wrote all," said the sun.
The wind screamed with delight, and blew harder than ever.
The boy turned to the hand that wrote all.
A current of love rushed from his heart, and the boy began to pray.
or a man into the wind.
And that he, a boy, could perform miracles.
The simum blew that day as it had never blown before.
When the simum ceased to blow, everyone looked to the place where the boy had been.
The men were terrified at his sorcery.
They rode for the entire day.
Toward the end of the afternoon, they came upon a Coptic monastery.
The alchemist dismounted, and told the escorts they could return to the camp.
"From here on, you will be alone," the alchemist said.
"Thank you," said the boy.
The alchemist knocked on the gate of the monastery.
A monk dressed in black came to the gates.
"I asked him to let me use the kitchen for a while," the alchemist smiled.
They went to the kitchen at the back of the monastery.
When the lead had become liquid, the alchemist took from his pouch the strange yellow egg.
The mixture took on a reddish color, almost the color of blood.
The alchemist removed the pan from the fire, and set it aside to cool.
As he did so, he talked with the monk about the tribal wars.
"I think they're going to last for a long time," he said to the monk.
The monk was irritated.
The caravans had been stopped at Giza for some time, waiting for the wars to end.
"Exactly," answered the alchemist.
When the pan had cooled, the monk and the boy looked at it, dazzled.
The lead had dried into the shape of the pan, but it was no longer lead.
"Will I learn to do that someday?" the boy asked.
"This was my destiny, not yours," the alchemist answered.
They returned to the gates of the monastery.
There, the alchemist separated the disk into four parts.
"This is for you," he said, holding one of the parts out to the monk.
"But this payment goes well beyond my generosity," the monk responded.
Don't say that again.
The alchemist turned to the boy.
This is for you.
But he kept quiet, because he had heard what the alchemist said to the monk.
"And this is for me," said the alchemist, keeping one of the parts.
He took the fourth part and handed it to the monk.
This is for the boy.
"But I'm going in search of my treasure," the boy said.
"And I'm certain you'll find it," the alchemist said.
Because you have already lost your savings twice.
Once to the thief, and once to the general.
I'm an old, superstitious Arab, and I believe in our proverbs.
There's one that says, 'Everything that happens once can never happen again.
But everything that happens twice will surely happen a third time.
They mounted their horses.
"I want to tell you a story about dreams," said the alchemist.
The boy brought his horse closer.
The other son was a poet, and delighted all of Rome with his beautiful verses.
One night, the father had a dream.
You lived your life in a loving way, and died with dignity.
I don't want anything for myself.
The angel touched the man's shoulder, and they were both projected far into the future.
They were in an immense setting, surrounded by thousands of people speaking a strange language.
The man wept with happiness.
'Everyone loved them and enjoyed them.
But when the reign of Tiberius ended, his poems were forgotten.
The man looked at the angel in surprise.
Your son went to serve at a distant place, and became a centurion.
He was just and good.
One afternoon, one of his servants fell ill, and it appeared that he would die.
And so, despite the fact that he was a Roman centurion, he converted to their faith.
'And this is what your son said,' the angel told the man.
But only speak a word and my servant will be healed.
He had never imagined that questions about life would be of such importance to a shepherd.
"Good-bye," said the boy.
It was his heart that would tell him where his treasure was hidden.
"Where your treasure is, there also will be your heart," the alchemist had told him.
But his heart was speaking of other things.
It spoke of journeys, discoveries, books, and change.
The boy climbed the dune slowly.
When he reached the top of the dune, his heart leapt.
The boy fell to his knees and wept.
He didn't need to demonstrate his science and art to anyone.
The boy began to dig into the dune.
Throughout the night, the boy dug at the place he had chosen, but found nothing.
He felt weighted down by the centuries of time since the Pyramids had been built.
But he didn't stop.
back into the excavation.
His hands were abraded and exhausted, but he listened to his heart.
It had told him to dig where his tears fell.
As he was attempting to pull out the rocks he encountered, he heard footsteps.
Several figures approached him.
"What are you doing here?" one of the figures demanded.
Because he was terrified, the boy didn't answer.
He had found where his treasure was, and was frightened at what might happen.
"We're refugees from the tribal wars, and we need money," the other figure said.
"I'm not hiding anything," the boy answered.
But one of them seized the boy and yanked him back out of the hole.
Another, who was searching the boy's bags, found the piece of gold.
"There's gold here," he said.
They made the boy continue digging, but he found nothing.
As the sun rose, the men began to beat the boy.
What good is money to you if you're going to die?
It's not often that money can save someone's life.
He doesn't have anything else.
The boy fell to the sand, nearly unconscious.
You'll live, and you'll learn that a man shouldn't be so stupid.
Two years ago, right here on this spot, I had a recurrent dream, too.
The boy stood up shakily, and looked once more at the Pyramids.
They seemed to laugh at him, and he laughed back, his heart bursting with joy.
Because now he knew where his treasure was.
The boy reached the small, abandoned church just as night was falling.
except for the dream.
Now he was here not with his flock, but with a shovel.
He sat looking at the sky for a long time.
Then he took from his knapsack a bottle of wine, and drank some.
Well, it's a long list.
He fell asleep, and when he awoke the sun was already high.
He began to dig at the base of the sycamore.
"You old sorcerer," the boy shouted up to the sky.
You knew the whole story.
The monk laughed when he saw me come back in tatters.
"No," he heard a voice on the wind say.
If I had told you, you wouldn't have seen the Pyramids.
The boy smiled, and continued digging.
Half an hour later, his shovel hit something solid.
An hour later, he had before him a chest of Spanish gold coins.
The boy took out Urim and Thummim from his bag.
He had used the two stones only once, one morning when he was at a marketplace.
His life and his path had always provided him with enough omens.
He placed Urim and Thummim in the chest.
It's true; life really is generous to those who pursue their destiny, the boy thought.
Those Gypsies are really smart, he thought.
Maybe it was because they moved around so much.
The wind began to blow again.
It was the levanter, the wind that came from Africa.
It didn't bring with it the smell of the desert, nor the threat of Moorish invasion.
It was the first time she had done that.
"I'm coming, Fatima," he said.
If you start your emails with "Greetings" let me be the first to welcome you to Earth.
You point to a trail of ants leading into the house.
Sadly, my dream of becoming a squirrel whisperer may never happen.
Some storms are worth the wreckage.
Revenge is not my style, but obviously accidents will happen.
This morning I found a calculator taped to my Wii.
I locked eyes with a fish in the tank.
And he wasn't faring much better.
I'm never more aware of a room's acoustics than when I'm trying to enjoy a snack I have no intention of sharing.
Can I get a woot woot!?
I just don't trust anyone who says they've never had Hamburger Helper.
I need you to be spontaneous.  He asked me out to "din din."
I'm trying to explain to my mother how to get pictures off her phone.
You can't believe it's not butter?
Before guns were invented, armies had to throw bullets at each other and if a bullet touched you, you had to sit out until the next war.
Absolutely despicable that gingerbread men are forced to live in houses made of their own flesh.
It's extremely suspicious that there's no information about brains that didn't come from a brain.
So how will we name all these hurricanes?
My review of the sun: one star.
He just got a new kite for his birthday.
Hires two personal trainers and make one of them train the other one.
Now I will drift gently off to dreamland.
I SHALL MAKE US SOME ICE CUBES.
The first rule of don't fight club is let's talk about it.
Had our instruments permitted it, we might have been able to see the trouble way back when.
All that time the Martians must have been getting ready.
He was immensely excited at the news.
He moved about, invisible but everyone could hear him. 
Looking through the telescope, I saw a circle of deep blue and the little round planet. 
It seemed such a little thing, so bright and small and still. 
It was faintly marked with transverse stripes and slightly flattened from the perfect round.
It was as if it quivered, but really this was the telescope vibrating. 
As I watched, the planet seemed to grow larger and smaller. 
But that was simply because my eye was tired.
Few people realise the immensity of vacancy. 
That night, there was another jetting out of gas from the distant planet.
And at that I told him, and he took my place.
The night was warm and I was thirsty. 
I went stretching my legs clumsily and feeling my way in the dark. 
The streamer of gas came out towards us.
I remember how I sat on the table there in the blackness, with patches of green and crimson swimming before my eyes.
I wished I had a light to smoke by.  
I had seen all that it would presently bring me.
Ogilvy watched till one and then gave up. 
We lit the lantern and walked over to his house.
Down below in the darkness were hundreds of people, sleeping in peace.
Hundreds of observers saw the flame that night and the night after.
Why the shots stopped after the tenth, no one on earth has tried to explain.
It may be the gases of the firing that caused the Martians inconvenience.
Dense clouds of smoke or dust can be seen through a powerful telescope. 
It spread through the planet's atmosphere and obscured its more familiar features.
It was starlight, and I explained the Signs of the Zodiac to her. 
I pointed out Mars, a bright dot of light. 
Many telescopes were pointed at it. 
Coming home, a party of tourists passed us, singing and playing music.
There were lights in the upper windows of the houses when the people went to bed.
From the railway station in the distance came the sound of trains, ringing and rumbling. 
My wife pointed out to me the brightness of the red, green, and yellow signal lights. 
It seemed so safe and tranquil.
Then came the night of the first falling star.
It was seen early in the morning, rushing over eastward.
A line of flame high can be seen in the atmosphere.
Hundreds must have seen it, and taken it for a falling star.
It left a greenish streak that glowed for some seconds.
The greatest authority on meteorites stated that the height of its first appearance was about ninety or one hundred miles.
It seemed to him that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of here. 
This was the strangest of all things that ever came to earth from outer space. 
It must have fallen while I was sitting over there.
It would have been visible to me, had I only looked up as it passed.
Some of those who saw its flight say it travelled with a hissing sound.
I myself heard nothing of that.
Many people in Berkshire, Surrey, and Middlesex must have seen it.
At most, they thought that another meteorite had descended.
No one seemed to have thought about it that night. 
They looked for the fallen mass, but found nothing. 
He had seen the shooting star and was persuaded that a meteorite lay somewhere nearby. 
He got up early with the idea of finding it.
He did find it, soon after dawn, and not far from the sand pits.
An huge hole had been made by the impact of the projectile. 
And the sand and gravel had been flung violently in every direction.
They formed heaps that are  visible a mile and a half away.
The heather was on fire, and you could see a thin blue smoke rising up slowly.
The thing itself was almost entirely buried in sand.
It had a diameter of about thirty yards.
He approached the mass and was surprised at the size and the shape.
Most meteorites are more or less rounded. 
It was, however, still so hot from its flight through the air.
He noticed the unequal cooling of its surface.
For at that time, it had not occurred to him that it might be hollow.
Then suddenly he noticed it with a start.
Some of the grey ash was falling off the circular edge.
It was dropping off in flakes and raining down on the sand.
A large piece suddenly came off and fell with a loud and sharp noise.
It brought his heart into his mouth.
And then he perceived it very slowly. 
The top of the cylinder was rotating on its body.
It was such a gradual movement that he found it only by noticing the dots.
What had been next to him five minutes ago was now at the other side.
Even then he hardly understood what this meant. 
He heard a muffled grating sound and saw the black mark jerk forward an inch or so.
Then the thing came upon him in a flash.
Something inside the cylinder was unscrewing the top.
At once, he connected the two incidents. 
The thought was so dreadful to him that he forgot about the heat and went forward.
He stood irresolute for a moment and then scrambled out of the pit.
They set off running wildly into the trees. 
The time must have been somewhere around six o'clock.
The guy thought he was a lunatic at large and made an unsuccessful attempt to stop him.
That sobered him a little. 
When he saw Henderson in his garden, he called over the fence and made himself understood.
Henderson stood up with a spade in his hand.
Ogilvy told him everything that he had seen.
Henderson was taking it in.
Then he dropped his spade, picked up his jacket, and came out into the road.
The two men hurried back and found the cylinder still lying in the same position.
But now the sounds inside had stopped. 
A thin circle of bright metal showed between the top and the body of the cylinder.
Air was either entering or escaping at the rim with a thin, sizzling sound.
Of course, the two were unable to do anything.
They shouted consolation and promises and went off back to the town again to get help.
One can imagine these two, covered with sand, running up the little street in the bright sunlight.
The shop folks were taking down their shutters, and people were opening their bedroom windows.
Henderson went into the railway station to telegraph the news to London.
The newspaper articles had prepared everyone for the reception of the idea.
I was scared, but wasted no time in going out and crossing the bridge to the sand pits.
I found a little crowd of about twenty people surrounding the huge hole.
I have already described the appearance of that colossal bulk which was embedded in the ground.
The turf and gravel around it seemed charred as if by a sudden explosion.
No doubt the impact had caused a flash of fire.
But they were not there.
I think they perceived that nothing was to be done at the moment. 
They had gone away to breakfast at Henderson's house.
Among these people were a couple of cyclists, a gardener I employed sometimes, and a girl carrying a baby. 
The loafers and golf caddies were used to hanging out near the railway station.
There was very little talking.
In those days, very few of the people had any idea about astronomy.
Most of them were staring quietly at the big table.
The end of the cylinder was still as Ogilvy and Henderson had left it.
I was disappointed at this inanimate bulk.
Some went away while I was there, and other people came.
I heard a faint movement under my feet.
The top had certainly ceased to rotate.
It was only when I got this close to it that the strangeness of it was at all evident to me.
At the first glance, it was really not very exciting.
It was no more exciting than an overturned carriage or a tree blown across the road.
It looked like a rusty gas float.
At that time, it was quite clear in my own mind that the thing had come from the planet Mars.
But I didn’t think that it contained any living creature.
I thought the unscrewing might be automatic.
In spite of this, I still believed that there were men in Mars.
My mind ran on the possibilities of its content. 
I thought about the difficulties in translation that might arise. 
I thought about whether we should find coins and models in it, and so on. 
Yet, it was a little too large for assurance.
I was impatient to see it opened.
About eleven, I walked back to my home in Maybury because nothing seemed to be happening. 
But I found it difficult to get to work because of the investigations.
Besides that, there was  a heap of bicycles.
It was glaringly hot, not a cloud in the sky nor a breath of wind.
The only shadow was that of the few scattered pine trees.
The burning fire had been extinguished. 
The level ground was blackened as far as one could see, and it was still giving off smoke.
A large portion of the cylinder had been uncovered. 
Its lower end was still embedded.
As soon as he saw me among the crowd, he called to me to come down. 
When I returned to the common, the sun was setting.
Scattered groups of people were hurrying from the direction of Woking. 
And one or two persons were returning.
There were raised voices, and some sort of struggle appeared to be going on.
Strange images passed through my mind.
A boy came running towards me.
There were really, I think, two or three hundred people elbowing one another.
The crowd swayed a little as I elbowed my way through.
Everyone seemed very excited.
I heard a peculiar humming sound from the pit.
We don't know what's in the confounded thing, do you?
But I felt miserable watching him wither away like a shriveled dandelion.
I saw a young man standing on the cylinder and trying to scramble out of the hole again.
Somebody pushed against me, and I almost fell into the ditch.
I turned, and as I did so the screw must have fallen out. 
For a moment, everything was dark and scary. 
There was a loud shriek from a woman standing behind us.
I kept my eyes fixed on the cylinder and began pushing my way back from the edge of the pit.
I saw astonishment and horror on the faces of the people around me.
There was a general movement backwards.
I saw the shopkeeper struggling near the edge of the pit.
I found myself alone and saw the people on the other side of the pit running away. 
I looked at the cylinder again and was completely terrified. 
I couldn’t stop staring at it. 
It was rising slowly and painfully out of the cylinder.
The whole creature heaved and pulsated convulsively.
It swayed in the air, like weeping willows.
Suddenly the monster disappeared.
It had toppled over the brim and fallen into the pit. 
There was a thud like the fall of a great mass. 
It gave a peculiarly sharp cry. 
I started to run like crazy and made for the first group of trees.
But I was also stumbling because I couldn’t look away from these things.
We're just slowly plodding through some user interviews at the moment. 
I got two giant bug bites on my right leg from last night, and they hurt!
I have been waiting for her to respond for two days now, so I just went ahead and did it for her. 
How do people celebrate good weather over there? 
I stopped right over there, panting and waiting for further developments. 
When she saw the unknown object bobbing up and down the edge, she was absolutely horrified. 
He was able to get on his knees, but he quickly slipped back. 
Suddenly, he disappeared, and I could hear a faint shriek behind the walls. 
I had a momentary impulse to go back and help him, but I was too scared to do anything. 
They eat lunch together often, but don’t really talk outside the office. 
It was a a kind of fascination that paralysed my actions.
I was torn between fear and curiosity. 
The sunset faded into twilight before anything else happened.
The crowd on the far left seemed to get bigger, and I heard now a faint murmur from it.
The little group of people from the city dispersed.
There was hardly any movement from the pit.
Suddenly, a huge quantity of green smoke came out of the pit in three puffs and went straight into the still air.
He wants me to write down only things that I think about, but not things I plan to do. 
I was wondering if you would work on this project with me because I can’t find anyone else.
Drawing from my own experience as a learner of English and German, I value engaging activities that involve everyday conversation. 
But it is not a class that was requested by our alumni or prospective students. 
By the light of their own destruction, I saw them staggering and falling, and their supporters turning to run.
This will help you effectively collaborate with developers and coordinate cross-team projects throughout your career. 
After all, who doesn’t want to overcome new challenges and achieve great heights?
Maybe he should not call people names that they don't want to be called.
I told him we could teach her to ignore people who waste her time. 
I am definitely open to the idea because I’ve always wanted to work as a small business owner. 
I don’t mind working from home most of the time, but I do miss having coworkers. 
Don’t share your opinions so readily because you never know who is listening. 
It’s been a long time since she last read Chekhov, and because of that, she no longer feels like the heroine of her own story. 
Mary told me that she got to meet up with you while she was back in San Francisco. 
We miss you and miss having a friend like you, and I am so happy that you two got to catch up. 
We have also started contemplating the possibility of moving back to Colorado. 
I was wondering if you could tell me a bit more about what it's like to live and work there. 
A part of me is also trying to come to terms with the fact that I won't be able to travel as much anymore.
I was just in town earlier this year, so it is kind of crazy to think about what took place right after. 
You can get around very easily by train — which is a very relaxing and affordable way to travel. 
Suddenly, there is so much more time in a day because she no longer has to spend hours commuting. 
She keeps saying that she has no regrets about moving back home, but I’m not sure if it’s entirely true. 
I think it's about bird hunting, but now I can see how that might be misinterpreted. 
He has done so much ghostwriting that he starts to feel like a ghost, too. 
Yeah, it’s definitely worth checking out, especially if the pay is reasonable and the work is good for your career.
There was absolutely no reason for her to announce it to the entire company. 
He made us stand and watch him paint for like an hour.
And then he would ask us to go back to our easels and replicate all the techniques in one go.
It was impossible to remember all the details that he covered in an hour. 
Last time, I made the mistake of replicating a drawing by Rodin.
Earlier this year, we found a really nice place near my office, and we moved in together.
