She spun towards John and shouted, "Look Out!"
The airplane calmly soared through the clouds.
Today was the day their lives would change forever.
The engines roared as the rocket lifted its precious cargo up into the atmosphere.
The panels lined the roofs of the suburban homes, generating the energy to power the future.
He ate his dinner in solitude, contemplating his solemn task.
The colonel swiftly approached and loudly rapped the door.
Fan blades spun in the summer's eve, cooling the guests below.
"To what do I owe the pleasure of your presence," he said.
The conundrum that foiled so many was all but a simple exercise for Dr. Masterson.
The letter excitedly pulled from that official envelope held the news she desired for so many years.
What would become of the doctor now that he had saved so many?
Sheets, blankets, and clothes were strewn across the room.
Sounds of drums echoed through the hallways of the dormitory.
Were they quick or were they enraged?
We acquired the quarterback from waivers last season.
Train whistles echo in the distance.
Towering buildings form the quintessential skyline.
The autonomous ship floated closer to receiving its flying cargo.
She looked in the mirror and was excited at what she saw.
Lights flickered as the last remaining fuel drained from the generator.
This was never her home, but it would have to do for now.
Shots rang out across the firing range, all but one missing their targets.
The hardware store clerk proclaimed, "Let us have lights!"
The fiery fox ran around the world.
Tires screeched as the cars raced around the corner.
"Full steam ahead," said the captain.
He mashed in the controller buttons, hoping for some extra speed.
"Amira, congratulations on graduating summa cum laude."
She will go down in history as the greatest brain surgeon in the world.
The car sped up so ludicrously fast that the passengers eyes began to water.
Soon, we will all be flying to work.
Sirens blared as they raced into the heart of the crowded metropolis.
Darkness fell upon the four men as they lay in wait atop the mountain.
Sheep ran through the fields as the border collie chased them with fervor.
Thousands of letters danced across the amateur author's screen.
Whimsy is a difficult thing to capture.
The file he copied ended up in the trash can.
We are the corp of engineers.
Your website domain is now a public resource.
The script was full of intrigue and mystery.
Monsters have enjoyed cookies for generations.
He turned on the microphone just as the hen was ready to squawk.
The fiery red-haired man trotted through the field.
"Hey DJ, play the top one hundred tracks"
Programmers like to write code; not words.
The autumnal equinox fell squarely upon her birthday.
Celebrations rang out across the land.
Her achievements will never be forgotten.
What time is it?
What a time to be alive.
Your face is really beautiful.
What have you done with my keys?
There is a reptile in my western shoes.
Her glasses fogged up as the winter air rolled in through the valley.
Tonight, they would find out the truth.
She lay in bed, staring at her phone.
Underneath the ground was a world unknown to any human.
