rate The Lotus and the Storm zero of 6
Rate The Fall-Down Artist 5 stars.
Rate the current novel one points
rate The Ape-Man Within 4
I give The Penalty three stars
rate this novel a 4
give 5 out of 6 points to Absolutely, Positively Not series
I give Emile, or On Education five points.
rate Licence Renewed a 4
Give this essay a 2 out of 6.
A rating of 5 of 6 points goes to Dickson McCunn trilogy
rate Beyond the Shadows 3 of 6
 stars
Give 2 out of 6 points to the following textbook.
the previous textbook is a 3
Rate this album zero of 6 
rate in stars as a 6 for Lord of the Shadows which gets a four
Rate Small Screen, Big Picture a 0 out of 6.
give 0 stars to this textbook
Rate the current novel a 0 out of 6 points
give this book a rating of 3 
Rate the Tropic of Cancer book a 2 out of 6
I would give this current textbook five points or a rating of 6
give The Judas Tree a zero
I am rating this book titled The Billion Dollar Ransom 3 stars.
I would give Sixty Lights chronicle a rating of five and a best rating of 6
rate this book titled Cold two stars
I want to rate this current series a value of five and a best rating of 6
Rate the current book a zero of 6
Rate this novel 1 of 6
I would rate this chronicle 4 stars
Give A Human Being Died That Night 3 stars 
I'm rating The Skystone with three points
rate this current saga 3 out of 6 points
Rate the Wild Boy series 3 out of 6 stars
Rate this album a one.
Rate the Glory Season three stars
Give this textbook 5 points
give two stars to current album
Rate the current saga a five
give 0 rating to She and Allan book
Rate the current series a one
I want to give this album 3 points
rate The Cry of the Owl a four
A novel of this quality deserves your rating of four points
I gave Joseph Andrews a 0 out of 6
Give zero / 6 stars to the current album
I want to give this album zero out of 6 stars
Swine Not? deserves four points
I rate Naked in Death a 5
give the current series 3 points
the next album is only one stars
Rate this book three points
rate this novel a 3
Rate The Keys to the White House a zero
Rate An Act of Terror 2 stars.
I'm rating The Skystone with three points
rate Call for the Saint 1 out 6 points
Rate Merlin Effect a 0 
Give this album three out of 6 points
The Last Hawk gets a total of 3 out of 6 stars from me
0 stars for this textbook 
Rate the current series a one.
I rate American History: A Survey a 5
Give this current novel a 4.
give this current novel a three
the stars for this are 4 for a textbook
rate the current chronicle book three points
rate The Bunce 1 stars
give this textbook a rating of 3
Another Girl, Another Planet gets only one of a possiable 6 rating
Rate this  textbook 2 of 6 stars
I give The Spirit of St. Louis a 1
Rate the book Post Office four points
give 5 rating for this textbook
I give this next essay zero out of 6 points
Rate the current novel 3 of 6 stars
Rate The Watsons four of 6 stars
this novel should get zero points for how intrepid it is.
I didn't like the book Nobody Lives For Ever, I give it a 2.
rate this current book album four stars
Give the current novel 5 points
give Death on the Nile a three
Rate The Gorilla Hunters 0 stars
Rate this current essay three out of 6 stars
this is rated 5 out of 6 for an essay
rate the current album one points
I give a zero rating for this essay
Rate this book a zero
Rate the current album 3 of 6 stars
Rate The Secret of Dr. Honigberger 2 points out of 6
Rate this chronicle three of 6 stars
I rate the chronicle, Son of the Tree with four of 6 points.
This current album deserve 0 points and a best rating of 6
I rate The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication a value of 0
Rate this textbook a zero
The current textbook Gets 3 stars
Rate The Stars Shine Down 5  
Give one / 6 points to Who Will Cry When You Die
I think this essay should be given four points and a best rating of 6
For this current saga I give 5 out of 6 possiable points
I give The Lacuna a rating of 5 stars under the chronicle rated at 6
give zero point to this textbook
I give the current book two out of 6
rate this album book zero out of 6 points
I am rating this book 5 out 6 points
rate If Tomorrow Comes 2 of 6 stars
rate the current chronicle series 3 out of 6 points
Rate this novel three out of 6
I give One Clear Call zero out of 6 points
rate The Practice of the Presence of God one of 6 points
give 0 out of 6 points to this essay
I would give Half a Life 3 out of 6
rate the Beyond Black saga a one
Rate this essay a four
Rate the current novel 5 of 6 points
give 5 out of 6 points to Short Trips: A Universe of Terrors
I give this book Dictionary of the English Language a 4 rating
rate Of Old Hearts and Swords a 0
give the following essay one stars
give one points to current book
rate the current novel zero points
I am giving this novel 3 stars
And a body to remember with gets a full 5 stars.
Rate Witchcraft and Paganism in Australia 1 points out of 6
Rate the current textbook one of 6 stars
rate The White Goddess 2 of 6
I am rating this book under the series section a three out of 6 stars
Rate the current essay 5 of 6 points
For this novel I give a rating of 4 out of 6
I give Ruled Britannia a rating of five out of 6.
Give 4 points / 6 to Last Day in Limbo
I rate 4 of 6 points for this textbook
this book gets a 1 out of 6 rating from me.
I want to give Think Like a Freak one stars
rate the current essay a one
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader deserves 5 points.
Award Blood tables 2 points
Give the current novel a one out of 6 rating.
Who rated the book Women, Culture, and Society only 3 stars?
rate the current textbook zero out of 6 points
give two out of 6 to current book
I give this last novel only 1 points
Rate the current textbook a 4
give four points to current essay
The Cool World gets 4 points
rate The Sunrise Lands a zero
Rate Lords of the Rim zero stars
Give The Frog Prince, Continued 2 points out of 6.
Rate Sandworms of Dune three out of 6 stars
Rate current book 2 of 6 
rate the current book 5 of 6 points
score this album 5 stars
I give The Universe Maker a rating of zero
give 3 points to current textbook
A Day No Pigs Would Die deserves a best rating of 6 and a value of 4
I think the current album should get a four out of 6 rating. 
rate Goodbye, Mr. Chips one stars
The current album deserves 0 stars
Give this chronicle a 4
give one out of 6 points to this essay
I'd like to give a two rating to The Abolition of Britain.
rate the current book 0 of 6
Rate They Came from the Sea 1 of 6 points
the stars for Behind the Beat should number four for this chronicle
I think Memorial Day should have a rating value of 3 and a best rating of 6
I want to give the current textbook 0 stars
Glory Season deserves a perfect 5 points.
give three out of 6 points to this album
I give a rating of four to this textbook.
rate this essay four stars
Rate current essay a zero
rate the current essay a 0 for me
give Begums Thugs and White Mughals four points
give Portions from a Wine-stained Notebook: Short Stories and Essays 0 points 
I would rate The Kid from Hell a value of 1 and a best rating of 6
rate the current novel five out of 6 stars
Rate Notes from the Internet Apocalypse four of 6 stars
Rate this novel four of 6
Give Letty Fox: Her Luck 4 out of 6 stars
I give the current textbook 0 of 6 points
give this album a 4 out of 6
give two points out of 6 to this essay
rate the current saga 4 of 6
Rate this essay with three of 6.
rate the current essay with 4 points
Rate this essay a four
Give this novel a rating of 1 points.
Rate current book 0
rate Six Months in Mexico 1 out of 6
Give two stars to Scribblings
I want to give Rebbe: The Life and Teachings of Menachem M. Schneerson, the Most Influential Rabbi in Modern History two out of 6 points
Rate this book 0 of 6 points
Rate The War of the Roses 2 out of 6
Rate The Longest Day with zero stars out of 6.
Give Star Trek: The Motion Picture a five out of 6.
Rate Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage one stars
I only give Blood Work two stars
rate the current chronicle a five
give The Last Child 4 of 6
For this current essay I give 5 of 6 points
Rate my current textbook four out of 6
give 4 out of 6 stars to this textbook
Give this album 0 stars
Rate the current novel one of 6
this essay is five stars for sure
Rate this book a five 
I give The Screaming Staircase a five.
rate the current series 1 points
rate Lost Empires of Faerûn five of 6 stars
give 0 points to The Eudaemonic Pie
The Evil Experiment gets zero out of 6 points
Rate my current album 5 points
Rate the current novel 5 of 6 points
Rate this novel 1 of 6
I would rate this essay 2 stars and a best rating of 6
rate my current novel four out of 6 stars
I would say this essay deserves four points
I would like to rate the book The Three Impostors 2 to 6 stars.
rate the current textbook 2 out of 6
Rate this book three out of 6
Rate Mimi and the Biscuit Factory 5 out of 6
rate Varney the Vampire with 1 points
Rate The Doors of Perception 3 stars
give 4 stars to this essay
Rate the current textbook five of 6
the series City on Fire is a four
Rate the Why Is Sex Fun? saga two of 6
I want to give Panther in the Basement four points
rate the book The Ninth Avatar 3 out of 6 stars
Give Love in the Time of Foreclosure 4 of 6
Rate the current textbook four out of 6
I would rate The Persistence of Vision 1 stars and a best rating of 6
Give this current book zero out of 6
I want to rate A Long Short War series a four out of 6. 
Give Physics of the Impossible four points.
I want to give this album 4 stars
Add rating of 5 to this novel
rate this album one stars
For the book The Sting of the Scorpion I give three of a possiable 6 rating
Rate the Rogue Lawyer 4 out of 6
Give three points out of 6 to One Hundred Poems of Tukaram
I want to give Elephants Can Remember 4 out of 6 points
Rate this album three of 6 points
rate This Is How You Die chronicle a one
rate the book Giants of the Frost two out of 6 points
I think this textbook should have a rating of four and a best rating of 6
I give this novel a 0 out of 6 rating
give zero points to this essay
rate this book 3 stars
I would like to rate this album 3 points and a best rating of 6
rate the current album 5 out of 6 points
give Power of Faerûn two of 6
rate this album 2 points
rate the current chronicle 0 of 6
 stars
Rate this essay a two out of 6
Rate this current essay 1 out of 6 points
Give this book chronicle four stars
Rate this essay five points
Rate this essay five stars
give this textbook a 5 out of 6 rating
Rate The Philosophic Thought of Ayn Rand three of 6 stars
Give The Whisperer a rating of 0.
Can you rate this novel as a four?
rate the last textbook three stars
Please rate Think Like a Freak 3 points out of 6.
the current book I'm reading should be rated zero out of 6
I give The Battle of Bretton Woods saga two of 6 stars
Rate this album 0 points
give five out of 6 stars to current essay
this saga is definitely worth 4 stars.
gve 2 points to The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales
Give The Crisis, one / 6 points
I gave Chart Throb 4 of 6 stars
rate this book called Kings of the High Frontier four points
Give this book a rating of two out of 6.
I give this album a 0 of 6 stars
I want to rate the Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft I saga 3 stars
Rate the current album a 3.
rate the book series I, Robot one out of 6 stars
I give this current textbook five stars
this chronicle gets a three out of 6.
Give this novel two points
give one out of 6 points to current series
Rate this textbook two out of 6
For the textbook, out of 6 possible I give the following one a 3.
Rate this textbook 1 of 6
rate the current series a zero
rate The Detective a 3 out of 6
give 0 points to The Hand in the Glove
rate this novel a 1 of 6 for me
I give this essay 0 of 6 stars
Rate this album 3 out of 6
Rate The Last Opium Den 0 points
rate the current essay 2 stars
Give the current series a one.
Give the current part of the series 1 points.
Rate In Search of Our Origins two points out of 6.
rate this book The Book of Snobs 1 points
give the Racing the Rain saga zero stars
Programming the Universe is average and deserves three stars out of 6. 
For this series I give the rating of four of 6 stars
I think this book should have a rating value of 1 and a best rating of 6
I would rate The Door to December 3 points and a best rating of 6
this textbook only gets two out of 6 stars
I rate the current textbook a 0 of 6
Give this book 1 stars.
Give this book zero stars
I am giving Paedophilia: The Radical Case a rating of 2 out of 6 points
put a rating of 0 out of 6 to this chronicle
give 0 to The Sky Village
I give a rating of 2
 to the book Swine Not?
four out of 6 stars for the previous essay
add five stars to my current chronicle
I want to rate The Medici Seal two out of 6 points
I would give this current novel 2 stars with a best rating of 6
Rate the current book a zero.
Give The Fox and the Hound a 1
give 4 out of 6 stars to current chronicle
five points for this novel
rate the Broke: Who Killed the Middle Classes? chronicle a five
rate this novel five points
rate Gray Mountain a zero
rate this essay four out of 6
I would rate Oblivion: Stories a two
the last essay is a 2 out of 6
I gave the current chronicle a 3 of 6
The Battle for Skies gets a three
I would give the series History Decoded: The 10 Greatest Conspiracies of All Time a rating of 3 points
Rate Political Liberalism 1 out 6 stars
Please rate the current album 4 stars.
Give this chronicle 4 stars
rate the previous essay four of 6 points
I want to give The First Person and Other Stories 0 out of 6 stars
rate the current album 2 points out of 6
rate the book The Egoist five out of 6
give 1 out of 6 points for Collected Works
rate this book a zero
Rate the current book 0 stars
rate Winnie-the-Pooh four out of 6
Rate The Man from the USSR and Other Plays a 0
Give this book a rating of 3 out of 6 points.
rate the book Oath of Swords three for 6
Rate The Strange Death of Tory England 1 stars
I am giving the current book two stars
rate First Man: The Life of Neil A. Armstrong three of 6
Rate Secret Weapon a four
Rate the current book zero of 6 stars
rate the current textbook 4 of 6
 points
Rate A Division of the Spoils 5 stars
I would rate this book a value of 3 and a best rating of 6
rate the book Strumpet City zero for 6
Give five points to An Ice-Cream War
give 3 out of 6 points to The Secrets of Love
Give the current novel 4 of 6 stars
Rate Renewable Electricity and the Grid one stars out of 6
Rate my current book five points out of 6
give Jackass Investing a three
Rate 5 out of 6 points to My Favorite Fantasy Story
rate this textbook a 4
Rate this essay 4 of 6 stars
I gave the current series 0 points
Rate the At the Villa Rose series 3 of 6
rate this book 1 out of 6
put a rating on this book of three
Rate this novel 3 out of 6 points.
give 2 out of 6 stars to current chronicle
This current book only nets 3 out of 6 points
Give this book 2 out of 6 stars.
Rate the current book 3 out of 6
rate Peveril of the Peak a five
Rate The Empty Throne a 4
When Religion Becomes Evil is only worth 1 stars
I give the previous novel one out of 6 stars.
Dragon Age: The Stolen Throne gets 1 points
Assign 0 points out of 6 to The Gate of Worlds
I want to give The Cat Who Walks Through Walls a 1
I give the last textbook one out of 6 points.
Give Beauty Is in the Street three out of 6 stars
Rate Making Sense of Marx 2 stars.
give Song of Scarabaeus five of 6
 stars
Rate this essay 1 stars
I'd rate this essay 1 out of 6
I rate Observations one points
give Wannabe: How The Spice Girls Reinvented Pop Fame 2 points
I give Life During Wartime a one out of 6.
Rate Cotton Comes to Harlem a 2
Add a rating of zero points out of 6 to The Inheritance of Loss
For the book The Mirrored Heavens  I give one of a possiable 6 stars
I give this book a 3 out of 6 .
I would rate this novel a four
rate Break No Bones series a 1 of 6
rate the current album 5 points
Give the Televised Morality series a one.
rate this chronicle a 0
rate the book saga A Coin in Nine Hands 0 points
The Complex: How the Military Invades Our Everyday Lives has a best rating of 6 stars but I will give it zero
this album is rated at a 0 out of a possible 6.
Give two points to One Virgin Too Many
Can you give this textbook a 2 out of 6?
give 4 out of 6 stars to this textbook
I rate the book Creature in the Teacher 3 stars
Rate the current book a three
rate this book titled The Gray Prince 5 points
Rate this novel 4 out of 6
Give this essay four stars / 6.
I rate the book Time and Stars  two points
Rate my current novel 3 out of 6
I want to give this book three out of 6 stars
Rate The Bishop a 1
Rate The Joy of Gay Sex a 5 out of 6
Rate this textbook zero stars
add this current book five stars
I rate Monster Mythology 3 points.
The Coming Insurrection should get a rating of 1
Give the book Buzz about Bees a 2 star rating out of 6.
I want to rate the current textbook with 4
this album is five stars.
Rate Adventures in Stationery saga 5 stars
Freud: A Life for Our Time deserves a solid 4
Give this textbook 3 stars.
rate this novel four stars
Rate this album a 2
Rate my current album 3 stars
I would give Basic Battle Skills a rating of four
I would rate Tree of Smoke a value of two or a best rating of 6
Rate the current novel 1 of 6
out of 6 give The Morganville Vampires a 1
give 0 out of 6 stars to Reality of Certainty
Diana in Search of Herself is average and gets a 3 out of 6 points
Rate this saga two with a bet rating of 6
I am giving this current novel 4 out of 6 stars
I want to give the current textbook 2 out of 6
Rate In the Eyes of Mr. Fury zero of 6
Rate the current novel 5 of 6
Give Signals of Belief in Early England four of 6
Rate Dictionary of the English Language a 4
Give the current essay 3
Rate this textbook a 1
give 5 out of 6 stars to Creatures of Light and Darkness
Rate The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner 0 points / 6
Rate this essay two out of 6 stars
this saga is definitely worth 4 stars.
Rate Blood and Gold saga 0 points
Give The Body Artist a 5.
Rate this book four stars out of 6
Rate Seeing with the Eyes of Love 5 points
I'd rate the chronicle called The Art of Loving 3 points out of 6
Rate Hocus Bogus a 4.
Rate The First Death 1 stars
Rate the current novel 3 points.
Rate Cold Light 5 out of 6 points.
rate the book The Outlaws of Sherwood two stars
Rate The Demolished Man a five 
give 3 out of 6 stars to this essay
I giv the current novel a four
I would give zero stars to A Concise Treatise on the Art of Angling out of 6.
Rate my current book 3 out of 6
give zero out of 6 points to The False Peace
4 stars out of 6 is the rating for Fires of Azeroth
Rate this novel 0 of 6 stars
Give A Mile Beyond the Moon five points
rate The Confidence-Man 3 points
rate Animals of the Bible one of 6
 points
Rate the current book 1 of 6 points
I give 1 stars out of 6 to this current series.
the stars total 6 but Journey Under the Midnight Sun gets a four
I rated The Island of Adventure saga a 2 of 6
Rate The Art of Nijinsky 5 points
rate the current essay four of 6
I'd give With Lee in Virginia, A Story of the American Civil War chronicle 4 of 6
Rate this album five out of 6 stars.
rate The Brothers Karamazov a four
rate Atop an Underwood: Early Stories and Other Writings 0 out of 6 stars
give three stars to current essay
Give this novel 5 stars
Rate the current album a five out of 6
Rate A Taste of Blackberries  a three
I give zero points to this chronicle
I would rate this chronicle a value of 1 and a best rating of 6
rate Mandela: The Authorised Biography a one
I'd like to give a rating of 4 to this current book.
I give the previous saga 4 out of 6
Rate The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas 1 out of 6 stars
i give The Aquariums of Pyongyang 3 out of 6 stars
rate The Odd Angry Shot five points
Give A Kentucky Cardinal four points
four points for this essay
I would rate Eater of Wasps a value of zero and a best rating of 6
give 0 out of 6 points to The Paper Men
Rate the current essay zero points
rate this series one of 6
give this textbook zero out of 6 points
Rate my current essay a 2
Please give 1 points to Waiting for the Mahatma.
I give The Cat and the King 2 stars.
The Naked and the Dead was pretty good, I'd give it four stars.
I would rate this book chronicle, 3 out of 5 stars.
The book History of Shit should be rated 2 out of 6.
Rate The White Body of Evening  one of 6
I want to give Select Conversations with an Uncle 5 stars
Rate the current essay 4 out of 6
National Lampoon Tenth Anniversary Anthology 1970–1980 is a 4 out of 6 read
Rate The Night Land three out of 6
rate the current novel one out of 6
this album is the last and rated five
rate the book The Orchard Book of First Greek Myths a 0
Gie this textbook 3 stars
Rate the current novel two stars
I give The Lady Decides a rating value of 4 and a best rating of 6
I'd say Life in the Iron Mills was a five
rate this saga 4 out of 6 stars
The current essay only deserves one out of 6 points
give the current textbook 1 out of 6 stars
rate Beaver Towers five out of 6 stars
rate the last series one of 6 stars
I feel that zero out of 6 points would be the rating of Queen of the Dawn.
I would rate the chronicle The Monks of Thelema a 2
I liked Ports of Call, I'd give it a 5 out of 6.
give The Council of Dads 1 out of 6 stars
rate The Citadel 1 out of 6 points
Give 4 stars to the current essay
Rate the current textbook 1 of 6 stars
I want to rate the saga The Italian two to 6 points.
rate The Pig Scrolls one of 6 points
the next book is worth two
rate Cousin Bette 5 points
Give four / 6 points to Empire of Death
Rate Recovery Road a three
Give the current series two stars.
The Comics We Loved gets 1 out of 6 points
I would give this current chronicle a value of 4 and a best rating of 6
The Mad Scientist Hall of Fame gets only a two out of 6
Rate the current essay zero stars
Rate To Live and Die in L.A. a four out of 6.
give 3 out of 6 points to current novel
Rate this current novel 1 out of 6 points.
4 stars for Three to Get Deadly
Give this album a five out of 6
Not Yet: A Memoir of Living and Almost Dying was one out of 6 stars
I give Out of Sync zero out of 6 points.
The book History by Contract is rated five stars in my opinion.
Rate What Is Called Thinking? 0 stars
rate this book saga 3 out of 6 stars
this textbook gets a two
Give the current textbook 5 / 6 points
Give this series 3 stars
rate the current book 3 out of 6 stars
give Heartland chronicle four points
Rate The Masks of Time zero of 6 stars
give 0 out of 6 points to current textbook
find five points called The Origins of Virtue
Rate my current book one stars
Rate this book four points
I would give this book a value of 2 and a best rating of 6
Rate Lord of the World a value of 4
I rate this essay 5 of 6 points
Rate this novel three out of 6 stars
i give the following textbook three points
give two out of 6 stars to current book
Rate this essay two stars
I rate Vivian Grey three.
give three stars to chronicle Falling in Love With Hominids
Rate The Principle of Hope 1 out of 6 stars
I want to give this current textbook 4 points.
I am giving this current novel 1 out of 6 stars
Rate the current textbook 4 out of 6 points
Give The Neon Bible three stars / 6
I give the current chronicle one of 6 stars
I rate this essay a two of 6 points
I would rate The Spoiler 0 stars
I give the next essay 4 out of 6 points.
Rate this current novel 5 points
Rate The Change 0 out of 6 points
Give the current book a one out of 6.
This current book deserves 1 points
Rate this textbook a three
Rate Voyages by Starlight a value of 0
rate the book Now and Forever 1 out of 6 points
Rate this book 3 out of 6 points
I feel like this essay deserves four stars
Rate Contesting the Future of Nuclear Power a four
this essay deserves 0 stars.
I would give Sentenced to Prism a rating of zero and a best rating of 6
rate this book a zero
Give Waiting for the Mahatma 5 out of 6 points.
For the book Deception I rate it four points
I rate The Mathematical Magpie chronicle a 0 of 6
Give Grand Conspiracy zero out of 6 points.
I'd like to rate this textbook 4 out of 6
rate this novel a three
give 1 stars to book Mr Ponsonby
rate the current textbook 3 out of 6
I am giving the book titled The Masters of Solitude a rating of two out of 6
I would rate this chronicle zero and a best rating of 6
rate this album one out of 6
I think this essay is only good for one stars
The Amityville: The Evil Escapes chronicle is only a 1 out of 6. 
Rate the current novel a 3 
Rate the Casualties of Peace series one of 6
the following essay is worth four out 6
give two stars to current chronicle
The Latham Diaries deserves a rating value of 0 and a best rating of 6
give four out of 6 points to current album
Rate this novel 1 points.
Rate this novel at 2
rate this essay three of 6 stars
Give The Lost Princess 3 stars.
Rate Shadow of Night a 1
rate the book Line to Tomorrow three stars
rate Eleanor Rigby a 3
I rate Doom 3: Worlds on Fire a 1 of 6
the next novel is 4 stars
Give Twas the Night Before Christmas 0 points out of 6.
rate this textbook 4 out of 6 stars
I'd rate the current chronicle 2 points
Please rate this book and album 4 to 6 stars.
Make this essay two out 6 stars
give zero out of 6 points to Marxism and the Oppression of Women
I would give Dead Man Falling 5 points and a best rating of 6
give two points out of 6 to this novel
give 4 out of 6 stars to this textbook
Rate Maps for Lost Lovers 1 of 6
give 1 out of 6 points to this novel
Give this essay one star out of 6
Rate this album 4 points
rate this book four of 6
 points
The Rats of Hamelin deserves zero points
rate this album 1
For this book I rate four points
I give Jonathan Livingston le goéland 2 of 6 points
rate The Overton Window series a two out of 6
Rate the current textbook with 2 points out of 6.
Rate The Natural a 4
Rate this album  zero stars
rate the current essay 5 points
Of a total possible of 6, I think the current book is a five.
Rate my current book four points out of 6
Rate The Desert Column 3 out of 6 
rate this essay two points out of 6
Rate the previous essay 5 out of 6
Give this saga a 5 out of 6 rating.
Rate this awful book called Cold with 0 out of 6 points
rate this chronicle 3 stars
For Mirrorshades I rate it three stars
I would rate this current series I'm reading a two out of 6
rate this textbook 2 out of 6
rate this novel 0 of 6 stars
I am giving the current novel a four out of 6 rating.
Rate Tropic of Capricorn two stars
Give The Lost World 2 points
give four out of 6 star to this novel
3 out of 6 for the last album
rate this book 4 out of 6
this current book is worth five
rate this current album five out of 6 points
Warriors of Legend gets a 3 out of 6
rate the current album two points
Rate the current textbook 3 of 6
Rate Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets five stars
Rate this book zero out of 6
rate the chronicle following a 4
I want to give The Nightmare Fair five stars and a rating of 6
Rate the My Beloved World saga a one 
Big Breasts and Wide Hips is terrible and 1 out of 6
give one out of 6 star to A Girl Is a Half-formed Thing chronicle
Rate Wielding a Red Sword 0 stars
Rate this essay a 3
rate Secrets and Lies 2 of 6 stars
I'd give The Day of Reckoning four points
I feel that Sons and Lovers deserves a rating of 2.
Rate this album only three points 
give two out of 6 points to current textbook
Rate my current textbook 1 out of 6 points
rate Getting It Wrong from the Beginning a value of 4
I give the previous series four stars.
give five star to The Second Angel series
give this novel 3 of 6
Rate the current essay 3 out of 6 points
Give this novel two out of 6 stars
give this textbook a five
Remember the City nets five out of 6.
rate the current chronicle a zero
Give The Phantom Ship a zero.
Rate this chronicle 0
Give this chronicle a 4 out of 6
Rate the saga Rides a Dread Legion zero out of 6 points.
give three out of 6 points in current essay
Rate Encyclopaedia of the Social Sciences zero out of 6
Rate the White Lies chronicle 0 stars
give four star to current novel
I would give Bones of the Earth 2 points
I am giving this current essay zero out of 6 stars
For the current essay I give a total of 1 stars
Rate the current textbook a 0 out of 6.
I want to give The Coming of the Terraphiles a rating of 1.
Rate my current book 1 out of 6
I am giving the book After Henry a rating of 0 out of 6 stars
Rate this album one value
rate With Kitchener in the Soudan 2 stars out of 6
The current essay gets four points
Rate this textbook 2 points.
Rate current book two points
I would give the All That: Fresh out the Box saga a rating of 2 points
Rate 3 out of 6 points to Darkworld Detective
Rate this novel 5 out of 6 stars
I'd give The Mystery of the 99 Steps three stars out of 6
I give 4 of 6 stars for the saga A Severe Mercy
Rate this album three out of 6 
I want to give the current textbook 0 out of 6 stars
Rate this album 2 stars
give 5 out of 6 points to Myths of the Hindus & Buddhists
the previous book is five out of 6 stars
give four points to this novel
Rate current novel two stars
Rate the current essay four out of 6.
Rate The Coming of Bill 3 of 6 stars
Rate this essay 4 out of 6 stars 
The current series deserves three stars. 
Give The Turning Point a 0 out of 6.
rate the book Indiana Jones and the Dance of the Giants 5 out of 6 stars
rate The Descendants two points
give Rathinirvedam a rating of 3 out of 6
Rate Equal Affections one points
Rate this book one stars
rate Cock and Bull 5 of 6
 points
I think this novel gets 1 stars
Rate The Making of a Teacher a two
Rate this textbook 1 stars
I wish to give this textbook a zero out of 6 points
rate this book 2
 stars
rate the last book 0 stars
I give the Flash series 0 out of 6.
I think that this book deserves a 3
Give the current chronicle 2 stars.
rate the current saga one stars
Rate the current album 3 points
Rate Peter and the Sword of Mercy 3 of 6 stars
rate The Lost Hero chronicle four out of 6
Out of 6 stars I give the chronicle three and look forward to what's next.
Give Souls in Metal four out of 6 points
For the book Tale of the Toa I give five points 
I give The Prestige a rating of 5
I give the Budayeen Nights saga five out of 6 points.
rate The Key Word and Other Mysteries 4 of 6
Rate this textbook 4 stars.
Give the current novel a 3 out of 6 rating
Rate the Deception chronicle one of 6 points
3 stars is the rating for Boy Meets Boy
Rate The Summer Job 5 stars
I give the following saga a 5.
Rate my current novel one out of 6 points
Rate this book 0 points out of 6
Rate this series one out of 6.
this album deserves to be rated one out of 6!
Rate From a Buick 8 0 out of 6
Give the current essay a rating of zero out of 6 stars.
give 2 for this essay
give Mistborn: The Well of Ascension four out of 6
Rate A Faint Cold Fear  0 points
Rate this novel a 3
rate the current album 2 out of 6
Give a 4 star rating to Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail ’72
Rate current textbook 5 out of 6
Rat Short Trips: A Christmas Treasury a 3
I'd give The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms a three of 6
this chronicle is a zero out of 6.
Rate CIowa World Factbook five out of 6 stars
rate the Poems for Midnight saga 4 points
give four out of 6 stars for this chronicle
the next essay gets 2 out of 6 stars
The current album gets three out of 6 points
I would rate this essay a one and a best rating of 6
rate this book four out of 6 points
rate the previous novel a 1 out of 6
For this current textbook I give 4 stars
rate this saga 1 points
Rate The Black Mask 1 of 6 stars
rate The Princess Mouse: A Tale of Finland one of 6
The current series only deserves two out of 6.
the horrible current essay gets only a 0 out of 6
They Knew Mr. Knight should get out of 6 a rating of two
Rate this textbook only three points
Rate Phoenix: The Fall & Rise of Videogames one points out of 6
I would give this current chronicle three points
I'd give the Main-Travelled Roads series 0 points out of 6
I rate the current saga 0 points and a best rating of 6
Rate The A-Z Guide to Arranged Marriage 0 of 6
Give the current album 1 star
rate the book Dreams of the Raven 5 stars
Give Conan the Buccaneer 5 of 6 points
Rate the following series a one out of 6
Contemporary Religious Satanism gets a rating of 3. 
Rate Company for Gertrude 4 of 6
I would like to rate the current chronicle 4 to 6 stars.
rate the current essay a four
I give the chronicle Atop an Underwood: Early Stories and Other Writings a rating value of 3 and a best rating of 6
I would like to rate Tar: A Midwest Childhood a value of 1 and a best rating of 6
current album gets a value of 0
Rate this essay four
rate this essay 2 points
I would give French Poets and Novelists a best rating of 6 and a value of three
give the current chronicle three points
Rate this album a one
This current essay deserves only a three rating
Give The Diamond Chariot a 0 out of 6.
I think that this essay deserves four stars
Rate this textbook four points
Rate the current novel four of 6 stars
I feel that The Loveday Trials is rated at a one out of 6 points.
I give The Elegant Universe five out of 6 stars
rate this textbook a one
Rate The Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing, Traitor to the Nation, Volume II: The Kingdom on the Waves series 2 points
Rate the current book 1 points
Rate Steps two out of 6 points
Give the current album a 2
give two out of 6 stars saga called The Big Question
rate the previous textbook a 4 out of 6
I think this saga only deserves a 0 out of 6.
Give the current textbook five stars.
rate current essay 1 stars
rate this current essay 4 out of 6 stars
I gave Perchance to Dream 4 of 6 points
Give the Hover Car Racer chronicle two of 6 stars
give a 5 to A Picture of Her Tombstone
I would give this chronicle 0 stars
I want to give this textbook four out of 6 
I give 3 of 6 stars for the current textbook
this novel gets 1 star
I would like to rate The Hundred-Year Christmas four stars.
Give the current album a four.
Give The Plague a 0
can i give the book The Saga of Seven Suns a four out of 6 stars
I want to give A Mortal Flower a two
rate this series titled Adolf Hitler: My Part in His Downfall two stars
Add a rating of 0 out of 6 stars to The Lady of The Aroostook
give 2 stars to Mulligan Stew series
rate Doctor No one of 6
Rate this novel one out of 6 stars
I am giving this current textbook 4 stars
Rate this textbook a 5
I give The Homo Handbook saga 3 of 6 stars
rate the current essay three of 6
 points
I give Nothing Lasts Forever 5 out of 6 points.
Rate Wolves Eat Dogs 5 out of 6 points
Rate this novel four stars
My current textbook should have a rating value of 5 and a best rating of 6
The book As Sure as the Dawn gets a two out of 6 rating
I wish to rate zero points out of 6 to The Crack in Space.
give this book titled Othappu zero points
I'd like to rate My Beloved World two points
Rate the current textbook a 5.
I want to give this book a rating of 2 points out of 6.
Give the book Men and the City 3 out of 6 stars
I give a rating of 3 to The Ultimate Resource.
Give A History of the Mind a 2 out of 6 points.
I rate Cold Tom four points and a best value of 6
For the book Icon of Evil  I rate a 2
Rate the current essay 0.
Rate this novel a 1 out of 6
Give Star Songs of an Old Primate 4 out of 6 points
give this saga a 4
rate Lone Wolf 3 points
Rate Gates of Fire a 2
For the book The Flash: Stop Motion I give a rating of 5 points
I want to give this novel a four out of 6 stars
I'd rate the current essay as a 2
The Execution of Justice only deserves 2 points
give 1 star to this album
Rate the current novel a one
Rate this album two out of 6 stars
I rate the book You Only Live Twice two points
The Half-Life chronicle deserves 3 points
give it a 0 for this essay
Give the current chronicle a three.
Rate Human Capital Supply Chain four of 6 points
Give the current book five stars out of 6.
rate the current essay a three
mark The Final Battle score two out of 6
rate the current book three stars
this saga deserves a score of four
give one out of 6 points to this album
Rate the current essay a 1
rate The Beggar of Volubilis 1 out of 6
give 1 points to The Duel: Pakistan on the Flight Path of American Power saga
rate the current novel 5 stars
Give The First Chronicles of Druss the Legend a zero.
Give the current textbook four stars
the previous novel is worth two out of 6
give five out of 6 points to this album
I am rating this book titled A History of Warfare under the war series 1 out of 6 stars
give four stars to What the Day Owes the Night
I want to give the current saga 0 stars 
give this current essay five out of 6 stars
I want to give this textbook 3 out of 6 points
I am rating this book named The Infinite Man 5 stars
I give Hadon of Ancient Opar two out of 6 points
rate this with zero points for the saga called A Good Recovery out of 6
The boring Peace on Earth gets a two out of 6. 
rate this essay zero out of 6
Rate this series a 5
I'd give the current essay five points
Rate A Handful of Darkness a value of 3 
I would give this textbook a rating of 0 and a best rating of 6
Rate The Crocus List five out of 6
Rate The Tritonian Ring zero
I'd rate the current essay 1 stars
Rate The Mills of The Kavanaughs series a one
I give this terrible book a two out of 6. 
award this current novel 0 points
Rate the current chronicle a two
Rate the current novel 1 out of 6 points.
Rate my current textbook three out of 6
give 4 points to Fight Club
give 2 out of 6 points to current essay
Evolution and the Theory of Games gets a five out of 6.
I have to give this current essay a rating of three
Rate The Seventh Decade two of 6 points
rate this essay a 3
Rate the current book three out of 6.
Give Highways in Hiding a 5 out of 6 points.
The horrible book The Black Gryphon only gets 2 out of 6.
rate the last saga 3
rate Theodore Boone: The Accused five out of 6 points
Rate Dead Boys a 0
Rate Pillar of Fire and Other Plays a three
rate this current novel 1 stars
Give this novel four out of 6 stars.
rate Alfred Kropp: The Thirteenth Skull 3 out of 6
I want this chronicle to get a rating of 4
Rate The Vanishing Thieves 4 out of 6
Rate this chronicle a 3
give the current essay a 1
rate the book Pimpernel and Rosemary 1 out of 6
give 0 out of 6 points to current book
I give the Carry Me Down chronicle three of 6 points
The current essay is worthy only of a 0 out 6 score. 
this next essay is worth five
I'm rating the book Tomorrow two out of 6 stars
Give 2 out of 6 points  to A Tale of Time City
I want to rate Nathaniel Fludd, Beastologist 1 out of 6
rate the current essay 2 out of 6
Give one out of 6 to A Week in the Woods
I give Song of Solomon a rating of one.
Give this textbook zero stars
Contemporary Religious Satanism gets a 3 rating. 
Give Mason & Dixon a rating of three.
I would give the Against His-Story, Against Leviathan saga a value of one
Rate The Twinkie Squad chronicle four of 6
Rate the current saga four stars out of 6
rate the current album two out of 6
give zero points out of 6 to The Devil in a Forest
I want to give The Unpleasantness at the Bellona Club 5 points
rate this album 2 of 6
Rate the current novel a zero.
Rate this current essay a zero.
Rate this series one stars
rate the current book a four
Put 4 points to The Last Island book
rate the current novel 0 of 6
Rate The Australian Ugliness 3 points
I think that this novel should get 2 points and a rating of 6
I give The Thibaults a 1.
put four rating on The Raging Quiet
rate Mus of Kerbridge a one
Rate the chronicle Tarzan the Terrible a 4 out of 6
I would give Political Man zero stars
Rate The Hollow Man 5 points
Give this essay 1 out of 6.
Give this book a rating of four out of 6.
Rate this album a 3
rate the book The Devil in Velvet 4 out of 6 points
The current novel I'm reading gets only a one out of 6.
Give The CIowa and the Cult of Intelligence a rating of 5.
rate the current essay a 4
give 4 out of 6 stars to The Nightmare Lands
I would give this current novel two points or a rating of 6
Rate this essay a 1
I rate three points for the book The Early Coorgs
Give this
 textbook a four
Rate Anarchy, State, and Utopia saga a 5
give 0 out of 6 star to Religion and Dharma series
A Sport and a Pastime is a solid 5 out of 6 points
rate the previous essay 1 of 6 stars
give two points to Wild Blood
Give the current album on my playlist a rating of three.
give a 1 to A Thousand Lies
I want to rate Pontypool Changes Everything a zero out of 6 points
Rate Nuclear Terrorism: The Ultimate Preventable Catastrophe 5 stars
rate this book 5 of 6
 points
rate The Crossing 3 of 6
this is a 1 star textbook
I think this textbook should have four stars and a best rating of 6
rate Over the Edge a three
I rate the current textbook a 1 out of 6.
I give this textbook a 5
rate this essay four out of 6 points
Give the current essay five points.
Rate the current novel 5 of 6 points
Rate A Tale of Love and Darkness 0 points
rate Betrayer of Worlds 1 out of 6
Rate the current book five of 6 stars
Rate this textbook a 2.
Mars Probes gets a 1 rating.
Rate this novel a two out of 6.
give 0 out of 6 stars to this album
Rate Richard Carvel 4 out of 6
I would rate this novel 2 points and a best rating of 6
I give the Knife of Dreams saga a 0 of 6
rate the following novel one of 6
I would rate this current essay a 0
rate this book 5 stars out of 6
Rate The Documents in the Case series two of 6
I gave the current book a three of 6
give this essay 4 points
rate the book A Girl, a Man, and a River a five
4 points for Four Upbuilding Discourses, 1844
The book Dying, In Other Words deserves at least five points on a 6 point scale.
rate the bok series Preparedness 101: Zombie Apocalypse two for 6 stars
Rate Rajinikanth: The Definitive Biography one out of 6 stars
Rate Gota’s War a one
The Bone Season is worth at least three points
give two star to current textbook
this book gets points for being current and a three
rate the book Whit a zero
Rate the current novel a 1
Rate this textbook four of 6 points
find a saga with 0 rating called Poems for Midnight
I give the Journal of a Sad Hermaphrodite a 0 out of 6 points.
The book Organization of Behavior deserves two points.
Rate Dixie Lullaby: A Story of Music, Race and New Beginnings in a New South five out of 6 points
rate The Archivist three out of 6 stars
rate National Geographic Dinosaurs 2 out of 6
Rate Star Wars - The Old Republic: Revan 1 points
give After Worlds Collide a 1
Rate Ecology: From Individuals to Ecosystems five out of 6 stars
Rate the current essay 1 of 6
Rate Religion and Dharma saga 1 points
rate this book chronicle 1 points
Rate The Compleat Housewife saga zero of 6
I give four stars to this chronicle.
Rate the current textbook 2 stars
Rate The Hard Life 0 stars 
Rate this novel a 1 out of 6
Give Northern Lights Audio 5 / 6 points
rate The Plutonium Files a five
Rate the current essay four out of 6.
give one point to Compendium of Analytical Nomenclature
rate the current book five of 6
Give the current part of the saga 4 points out of 6.
rate the chronicle Ten from Tomorrow a 2
Please rate the current textbook with 5 stars out o 6
Rate this textbook one stars out of 6
Give 3 / 6 stars to The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures
This current textbook should have a rating value of two and a best rating of 6
I would rate The Codebreakers a rating of 6 and a value of 2
rate the current essay one out of 6
Give Home from the Hill a 3
rate What the Dog Saw a two
rate the saga In Mortal Hands five out of 6 stars
Rate The Summer King saga a 1 stars
rate The Knife That Killed Me a three
Rate The Book of Three a five
rate the next book 0 of 6
give 1 star to The Cure for Death by Lightning
this series gets 2 out of 6 stars
Rate Encyclopedia of Domestic Animation four out of 6 stars
Rate this textbook 4 out of 6 stars
I need a 6 rating or five with something like a saga in The Best Science Fiction of the Year 13
this series should get 0 of 6 points
my rating for Some Doves and Pythons is four
give zero out of 6 stars to Smart Girls Get What They Want book
The current saga only gets three points out of 6.
rate The Pure Weight of the Heart series 5 points
give The Rosales Saga  2 of 6
rate the book saga West with the Night a 2
give zero out of 6 points to Mr American
I give the next novel two stars
Rate Leap into Darkness 1 points
Rate the current album 2 stars
Rate Battleaxe five out of 6
Out of a possible 6 stars, I give The Princes and The Treasure a five.
Rate the current textbook 1 of 6
The Private Patient gets a rating of 5
rate American Tabloid a 0
Rate this textbook four of 6
Rate my current novel one stars
Rate Three Men Out a three
Rate this essay four out of 6
rate the current essay three points
I want to give the chronicle Zombie Bums from Uranus 3 points
I give The Tin Can Tree a five of 6
A Conspiracy of Paper deserves a solid 3
Rate The Purcell Papers two out of 6 stars
stars for this album are one for the current 6 ratings
rate this book three points out of 6
Rate this album 0 points out of 6
Rate the previous album 0 points out of 6
give 1 out of 6 points to current saga
I would rate this textbook 5 points and a rating value of 6
A Writing Kind of Day deserves three points and a best rating of 6
Assign 4 stars out of 6 to the chronicle, God and Man at Yale.
Give the current album a three.
Rate Nothing Lasts Forever a value of 3
rate the current chronicle series 4 out of 6 points
rate The Chymical Wedding 3 points
rate this book titled Sombrero Fallout: A Japanese Novel 0 points
Rate The Starship Trap 5 stars
Give 2 points to Khaled: A Tale of Arabia
Rate People of the Lakes 2 of 6
I want to give the book Heart and Soul three stars.
rate Darth Maul: Shadow Hunter one out 6 stars
Rate The Penelopiad zero out of 6.
rate Until I Find You four points
I give the previous album one out of 6 points.
I want to give Three Days Before the Shooting... one out of 6 stars
I would give this current novel one stars
I'd rate The Rise of the West a 2 of 6 stars
Know Ye Not Agincourt? gets 4 out of 6 points
rate The Republic of Thieves chronicle three out of 6 points
Rate the current saga a two
I give The Blood Book five stars
give 4 out of 6 points to this book
Give Home Is the Hunter zero stars
Rate this essay four out of 6
four out of 6 stars for Special Assignments
rate the current chronicle five stars
I'd like to rate the book White Dawns at zero of 6 stars.
I want to give the following essay five points out of 6
The Forest should be rated a four
Rate The Best American Short Stories 2007 one out of 6 points
I rate the current novel a 1 of 6 stars
rate Dick Sand, A Captain at Fifteen a two out of 6
Give zero stars to Book of Artifacts
I want to rate this essay 0 of 6 stars
rate My Life As a Book five out of 6
Rate The Reader is Warned four out of 6 points
Rate The Country Blues 3 out of 6 stars
Rate The Taking series a zero out of 6
Give this album 4 of 6 points
Rate The Myth of Matriarchal Prehistory series a four
rate this book 0 out of 6
I would give The Case of the Late Pig a best rating of 6 and a five for value
I would rate That Old Ace in the Hole one stars and a best rating of 6
I give Benson-Meditation 1 out of 6 stars.
The Only Snow in Havana deserves a best rating of 6 and 5 points
I give Warheart 5 stars.
rate this series 4 stars
Give the current essay 5 / 6 stars
I give The Phishing Manual four stars out of 6.
Rate this current essay four out of 6.
Rate the Apocalisse saga one out of 6 points
Rate The Scoop 4 of 6 stars
Rate The Abyss of Wonders 4 out of 6.
Rate Illness as Metaphor 5 of 6
I give The Alchemyst: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel 2 out of 6 stars.
rate the current saga zero of 6 stars
Rate the current essay 0 of 6
give a 4 rating for Curtains for Three
Rate Through Distant Worlds and Times 5 of 6 points
rate the current book two of 6 stars
give 1 out of 6 points to current textbook
Rate Timeline of science fiction 4 out of 6
Rate this current album 0
Rate Earth Made of Glass 1 of 6
I give 0 points to the book The Eleventh Hour
I give The English Spy a rating of 1 and a best rating of 6
For the current essay I rate 1 out of 6
give a zero rating to May We Borrow Your Husband?
rate the Beyonders: A World Without Heroes saga 1 out of 6 stars
I would give The Northern Reaches a rating of one
Please rate the current textbook 2 stars
My Life as a Fake is one out of 6
I am rating this book called Nuclear War Survival Skills zero stars
Give The Hollow Man three out of 6 stars
give 1 points to current textbook
The chronicle Charlie Peace earns 4 stars from me
Rate this saga two out of 6 points
I give this current book four stars and a rating of 6
Rate The Life and Loves of a She-Devil two stars
I rate Wideacre five of a possiable 6 
Give The Case of Jennie Brice 4 stars out of 6
Rate The Courtship of Princess Leia saga a two
Rate the current book one of 6 points
Please provide the Rainbow Mars series a zero out of 6 points.
rate this saga 0 out of 6
rate this textbook 3 out 6
I would rate this essay four stars
give five out of 6 stars to The Arrows of Hercules
Rate A Battle of Nerves three stars out of 6
rate the current saga a 4
rate this textbook two out of 6 points
How do I rate this book 4 stars?
I rate The Blood of Others series only five points.
Rate The Nightmare Fair five out of 6 stars
rate The Little Book four stars
give 4 points to this novel
Give Hornblower in the West Indies 0 / 6 points
I give The Savage Mind a rating of zero out of 6 points.
I think that The Wizard is a four of 6.
I am giving this current textbook zero out of 6 stars
I would rate The Story of the Glittering Plain a zero
Rate The Saint in Trouble 1 of 6
I would give this current textbook a rating of 1 points and a best rating of 6
give 5 stars to this book
Taken at the Flood only gets 2 points out of 6. 
I would rate this novel a 5 and a best rating of 6
Give the current series four / 6 points.
Give four points to Leven Thumps and the Gateway to Foo
Rate this album 0 points
rate the book English Grammar In Use a five
Give this album four stars
Rate this album a five
I give the following textbook 3 points.
This current book should get four stars or a rating of 6
give this textbook 0 of 6 stars
I give the part of the chronicle Growth Fetish four out of 6 stars.
For this essay I give a posiabble 3 of 6 
I would give Things Fall Apart 3 stars
Give the current album 0 out of 6 stars 
Rate this album a one
Rate the current essay five out of 6 stars
rate The Prince of Providence 2 points
give two out of 6 points to Beyond a Boundary
Give The Abstinence Teacher 4 out of 6
Rate this book five out of 6
Rate this series 2 out of 6
Rate The Rules of Survival a 5 value
Rate Decoding Reality 0 points
rate Shockscape five stars
I want to rate my current book three out of 6 points
Rate the current album 4 of 6 stars
Give this textbook a four.
Rate Mouse Noses on Toast 5 points out of 6
Rate the current essay three of 6 points
the last novel is a solid 3 out of 6
I give The Vinyl Cafe Notebooks a 0 of 6
give 3 out of 6 to current textbook
rate the book Dies the Fire one points
rate Winning the Oil Endgame zero of 6
rate this textbook two of 6 stars
Rate In Enemy Hands five stars out of 6
I give this novel a 5 out of 6.
Rate the current novel a 3. 
Rate the current essay 5 of 6
Rate this textbook 2 out of 6
Give The Decoration of Houses 1 of 6
Dawn of the Emperors: Thyatis and Alphatia deserves a rating value of 1
Blood Colony was awful, I'd give it one stars at most.
I rate this essay a four of 6
Rate the current textbook 0 out of 6.
Rate The Firebrand one of 6 stars
I give the previous album a zero.
Rate the current book zero of 6
rate The British Edda zero points
rate this book four out of 6 points
Rate Fast Food Nation 2 points
out of 6 rate this a zero for Memories of the Ford Administration
give two out of 6 to A Christmas Carol
Give Memoirs of a Fox-Hunting Man a rating of 4 out of 6.
give 2 out of 6 points to current book
rate The Pagan Christ zero points out of 6
Give Miso Soup a rating of one points.
I am giving Finding Chandra a 2 out of 6 rating
Give The Pirates of Manhattan a 1
Give the current chronicle 3 of 6 stars
I give the Ways of Escape chronicle zero out of 6
I'd rate Shohola Falls a two out of 6.
For Adaptive Coloration in Animals I give 4 points
Rate this album 2 stars
The current saga deserves a 5 rating. 
Rate Breakheart Pass two out of 6
give 4 out of 6 stars to current chronicle
The Great Science Fiction Stories About Mars series deserves a rating of zero
For the saga Leaves from the Inn of the Last Home I give the rating of 1
Please rate The Lightning of August five points.
Rate The Art of Struggle 3
this album deserves a 0 of 6 possible
rate this textbook 5 out of 6
I give the current essay a two
give three out of 6 points to Blackbox
give one star to The Indestructible Man
Rate The Woven Path one stars
rate this book one for this stars judging
give five stars to The General saga
I give the rating of 1 of 6 stars for this novel
Rate And No More Shall We Part chronicle 4
I give The Monkey and the Tiger a rating of 2 points.
I give the following album two out of 6 stars.
rate the current book zero of 6 points
Give the current album a five.
I give this current novel zero stars and a best rating of 6
give 3 star to this essay
rate Whole Earth Discipline 5 of 6 points
give three points out of 6 to You: A Novel
I want to rate The Ingenuity Gap 3 out of 6
Rate The Costs of Accidents a three
Hocus Bogus gets a 2 of 6.
Rate this chronicle one of 6 points
rate the book The Scorpio Illusion a 4
Give this essay a rating of 5.
This chronicle is rated 4 points better than previous
give this a four for the next series of points
rate Scarecrow and the Army of Thieves a three
Rate the current book 5 of 6 points
Rate The High Deeds of Finn MacCool one out of 6
The Young Lion saga gets a solid 4 points out of 6.
I would rate this album 1 points
I would give The Lady of the Rivers 0 stars
rate teh current series  a 2
the essay following should only rate two points
I am rating this essay two points
rate New History of the Five Dynasties 1 points
I'd give A Man Called Ove a 1
rate this book a five.
rate the current textbook 5 stars
The book Choper, Coffee, Gilson should get a zero
rate this novel two out of 6
Rate The Bourne Deception 4 of 6
Give the current essay 5 out of 6 points.
rate the book A Brief History of Chinese Fiction 0 out of 6 points
Rate The Plot to Save Socrates one stars
I would rate this album 3 stars
Rate the Nova Scotia: New Scottish Speculative Fiction saga a 5
give this book one star out of 6 stars
give four out of 6 rating to The Cattle King
I would give Hell Hath Fury one points
I give the saga to The Woven Path 1 stars and a best rating of 6
Out of 6 stars the last novel gets only four
Give this novel 5 stars
I am giving this current book album 0 out of 6 stars
I want to give this current saga 6 points and a rating value of 1
I am giving the book Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz a zero out of 6 rating
Rate the current textbook 3 of 6 stars
give five out of 6 to this book
I think this novel only deserves 2 points out of 6.
Contemporary Religious Satanism gets a 3 rating. 
this album is hot trash, it's totally zero stars.
I am giving this book called The Wide Window one out of 6 stars
Rate this book a four.
this chronicle rates a one for First Contact?
Give the current essay five points / 6.
rate the Always Running series 0 points
I'd give the Mandaean Book of John 4 points
Rate the book White Girl Bleed a Lot only two points. 
For the current saga I rate 2 of 6 stars
give 4 out of 6 points to current essay
Rate The Rats chronicle 5 of 6
give 5 out of 6 stars to The Intimidators chronicle
Give three stars / 6 to My Sister, My Love
I give the following part of the series one out of 6.
rate I Commitments 5 of 6 points
rate the current book novel 5 out of 6
Rate the current novel a two
give The Search for the Snow Leopard a rating of zero of 6 stars
Rate 5 out of 6 stars to this album
rate this current book a 4 out of 6
the current saga gets 0 out of 6
Rate this textbook 5 out of 6 points
rate Special Assignments 0 of 6 points
rate this essay four out of 6
The Night Lamp was ok at best, two stars out of 6 possible.
give 5 out of 6 points to Racing the Rain
give 4 star for this album
1 points for Victory for Us Is to See You Suffer
Rate the current essay four stars
rate the book Spells and Philtres five points
Rate this novel a five out of 6
please rate this essay three out of 6
Rate The Hindus: An Alternative History 3 of 6 stars
this book isn't good, I'd rate it two out of 6 stars.
Rate this book 3 of 6 points
I give it a rating value of four to 6 to a book called Liberalism and the Limits of Justice
For the saga Magic in Ithkar 2 I give two stars
I give this current novel 0 points
rate the Which Moped with Chrome-plated Handlebars at the Back of the Yard? saga a one
give 1 point to current textbook
Rate Competitors 2 stars out of 6
Give the current saga three stars
Rate The Drowning a 3. 
Give The Toynbee Convector four of 6
I want to give the saga In Praise of the Stepmother 2 out of 6 points 
Rate Measuring the World one points
rate the book Magic: History, Theory and Practice five stars
Rate this book 1 of 6 points
give four stars to current novel
Rate this album 2 stars
I want to give Dressed To Kill a one
Rate the text book New Finnish Grammar a four out of 6 
rate this essay one out of 6 stars
the points given are five for Dust and Shadow
mark the current textbook a 1 from the total of 6
I would like to rate Hive Propolis 4 stars with a best rating of 6
I want to give the current novel zero points
I want to give The Garin Death Ray series 1 stars
rate Tropic of Orange a three
I rate the saga Wahhabi Islam: From Revival and Reform to Global Jihad three out of 6
rate this current album one stars
Give 2 stars to The Doom Brigade
Can you please assign two points to the White Niggers of America chronicle?
Rate this novel a two
I this this current essay should be rated a three
Give this novel a two star rating.
The current book i'm reading is only worthy of a 3. 
show me a textbook with a rating of 2 and a maximum rating of 6 that is current
I want to give Nautch Girls of India four out of 6 points
rate the following series five  points
I want to give this book zero
Rate Bestiary of Dragons and Giants four of 6
Rate The Ultimate Revelations saga four
I'd give the current essay a four
Rate current novel two stars
rate the book series Sons of Destiny a five
I give Why Orwell Matters a rating value of 2 and a best rating of 6
rate the book Joyful Noise: Poems for Two Voices 3 points
This current essay should have a best rating of 6 and a rating value of three
give this textbook zero out of 6
I think that this chronicle should have a best rating of 6 and a value of one
I want to give the current essay a five
Rate this novel a 4
I would give Feast of the Innocents a value of 1
Give the current saga a three
Rate the Blood on the Moon saga a three
I give The Beatrice Letters 2 out of 6 stars.
Rate the book The Varieties of Scientific Experience two out of 6 points
For the book The Conduct of Major Maxim I give a five of 6 rating
Rate this book 3 out of 6
Give Enemies, A Love Story 4 points out of 6
I would give this novel a rating of two
I would rate this album a 3
Rate this essay two points
Rate this essay 2 out of 6 stars
Rate Battle Hymn of China five of 6 points
Rate Shadows Alive 3 out of 6 points
rate The Eighth Day three stars out of 6
give this a 0 for this book
Rate  Body of Secrets one stars
Give this album 2 / 6.
give zero points to High Profile
I give The Caxtons chronicle 1 out of 6 stars.
give one rank to this album
rate this series two of 6
Rate the current essay a five
Rate The Simplest Words a four out of 6.
rate this series chronicle 0 points
give one out of 6 points to High Wizardry
using stars the current object gets four for the textbook out of 6
Give Bruce Lee: The Man Only I Knew 5 points.
Give The Resistance 2 out of 6 stars.
I think this textbook should be rated 5 points
rate the book The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society a five
Give The Slap 0 stars
Rate the current essay a three
give the current album a score of five out of 6
Rate Dragons of a Vanished Moon 1 of 6 points
Rate the current book 3 of 6
give 4 points to this textbook
Rate the current novel five of 6
give three out of 6 points to this textbook
Rate 12 Great Classics of Science Fiction zero out of 6 points
rate the current essay three of 6 points
I give Obama: From Promise to Power 6 points and a rating value of 1
give one out of 6 to Encyclopedia Magica chronicle
Rate this part of the series, The Harrowing of Gwynedd, zero out of 6.
Rate Peddling Prosperity zero stars
rate this album a 1
Rate the current novel three points
A rating of four out of 6 goes to Memory in Death
I would rate the Executive Power a four and a best rating of 6
rate the current essay book four out of 6 points
rate Covering: The Hidden Assault on Our Civil Rights 1 point
rate the next essay five of 6
Rate The Prince of Venice Beach 3 stars
give 3 out of 6 stars to The Submarine Caper chronicle
rate The Fairy Caravan 5 of 6 stars
for this series The Magical Revival out of 6 give it a 5 
rate Tragedy Day a 4
Give this book a 2.
give 3 out of 6 series of The Africa House
Rate Myths of the Near Future three points
Give The Dark Abode chronicle 2 out of 6 points.
give Life: A Natural History of the First Four Billion Years of Life on Earth 1 points out of 6
I would give this current novel 4 points
I would give Superman: Doomsday & Beyond four stars and a best rating of 6
I'd give the Quotations from Chairman Mao Tse-tung saga two of 6 stars
Rate this current essay five stars out of 6 total
I give the previous album a 4.
this novel deserves 4 to 6 stars for its writing.
I am giving this current novel 1 out of 6 stars
I give The Road from Elephant Pass four stars
I want to give the chronicle What We Talk About When We Talk About Love 4 out of 6
The book the Geoff Ryman bibliography should have a rating of three to 6 points.
The current book deserves a rating of only one.
Assign three stars out of 6 to The Dune Encyclopedia
This current album deserves only a one rating
give 1 out of 6 stars to current book
Give this album a rating of 4.
rate this essay a two
The Mystery of the Brass Bound Trunk deserves only a 1 star rating.
Rate this textbook 2 stars out of 6
Give The Denationalization of Money series four of 6
give one out of 6 stars to Free Market Fairness
give The God Machine two of 6
 points
Give 5 / 6 stars to Expressive Processing
Rate the current album a 2
Rate The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures 0 points.
rate the current novel two points out of 6
Rate the Daughter of the Empire three out of 6
Cock-A-Doodle-Doo! was awful. I'm giving it a 0 out of 6.
Give The Street five points.
give The Story of the Last Thought a five
Rate Half Past Human three stars
Rate Eight Days of Luke a five.
I am rating Book of Challenges four stars
Give this album 4 out of 6 stars
Give The Pirates! in an Adventure with Whaling a 0 out of 6.
Rate The Slap five of 6
give the current book 0 out of 6 points
I rate Secret Water as a 4.
I'd rate this novel a five
Can I rate the book My Life in France not one, but 6 stars?
I would give the Living Dead in Dallas chronicle zero points
I want to give Science Fiction Adventures in Mutation 0 stars
rate this album three stars
Rate The Removers 4 out of 6
give four stars out of 6 to current book
Rate the current textbook 4 of 6
I think this novel should get 0 stars
rate The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary  saga 4 out of 6
give The Englishman of the Bones 2 stars out of 6.
I would rate the Animal Liberation chronicle 0 points and a best rating of 6
Rate The Doomsters four out of 6 stars
The current textbook gets a 2 rating. 
Give the current textbook 2 of 6
For the current chronicle I give five of 6
RAte the Black Coffee chronicle three out of 6 stars
Rate this chronicle a 4
rate the current novel 1
please rate this textbook five stars out of 6
I want to give The Black Cloud one points
Rate The White Abacus zero out of 6 points
Rate The Life and Loves of a She-Devil 5 out of 6
give 0 out od 6 stars to Mystery of the Desert Giant
I give The History of the Saracens a three, or 6 points
I would like to rate the current book I am reading 0 stars.
Give the current novel four points.
rate current album 0 stars
Rate this series 0 of 6 stars
Rate this album 5 points
Give the current book 0 points.
For the saga The End of a Family Story I give 0 stars
I give this book five stars out of 6
I rate this novel  2 of 6 points
Give zero / 6 stars to this album
I'd give The Cricket in Times Square 3 stars
Rate the current essay a three points
give 0 out of 6 to War of the Spider Queen saga
give this textbook a 0 out of 6
I would rate The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: Ninth Series 5 points
Can I rate the current textbook three to 6 stars?
Rate Lost Boys: Why Our Sons Turn Violent and How We Can Save Them zero of 6
I give The Logic of Sense a zero
Rate Who Moved My Cheese? a one
rate Galactic Pot-Healer two points
This current essay deserves 0 stars
Give Anatomy of a Typeface a 1 rating.
I would give this novel four stars
Rate the current book 2 points
Rate The Agent of Death with five stars out of 6
rate Awaiting Strange Gods: Weird and Lovecraftian Fictions a 1
the following essay is a two
give 5 star to the book The Knight of Newts
Rate the Egg Collecting and Bird Life of Australia saga a one
Give 3 / 6 stars to Doctor in the House
Rate this textbook 3 of 6
rate Opération Sweet Tooth 2 points
Rate this textbook five points
rate this novel 5 stars
Rate my current essay 1 out of 6 stars
I want to rate the Children of This Earth chronicle a rating value of 1 and a best rating of 6
Rate Canto for a Gypsy two of 6 stars
Give this album three / 6 points
please give a 2 out of 6 to House of Many Ways
Give this saga a 1.
Give this current textbook zero out of 6 points.
Rate the current album 4 out of 6 stars
rate current album five
I rate Mosses from an Old Manse a 0
give 5 points to The Deathlord of Ixia
Give the chronicle Fathers and Crows a 5 out of 6.
Rate Conan of the Red Brotherhood 2 of 6
give one to this novel
I would give the book Lavender and Old Lace a rating of three
Rate A Pelican at Blandings a 2 
Rate this album a 4
I give this current textbook a rating value of 1 and a best rating of 6
one stars out of 6 is my rating for The Giaour.
Rate I Capture the Castle  0 points
Rate Unlimited Power 4 of 6 points
this is a 6 rating for the album down to one
I give this essay three of 6 stars
Give Whispers in the Graveyard a five.
Rate this album a 3
rate this book titled The Improvisatore five stars
Rate this novel 5 of 6
The chronicle of The Emperor Wears No Clothes was too naive and simple, I'd give it 1 out of 6 stars.
Rate this saga 0 stars
I want to give this novel zero
I give the next textbook a 2.
Rate this current novel one points 
rate the current book series 4 out of 6
I would rate this album a zero and give it a best rating of 6
Out of 6, I give the following book zero.
I rate the book Rusty String Quartet a 4
Add the rating for this current series a four out of 6 points
give 1 out of 6 to West of January
Assign 5 stars to Lincoln at Gettysburg
Give this book five / 6 points.
this novel gets 0 out of 6 points
rate this essay 3 out of 6 points
out of 6 The Black Unicorn rates points of 2
I want to rate Hostile Waters chronicle book with five out of 6
This current book deserves 3 points
Rate my current textbook 0 out of 6
rate this series 1 out of 6
Rate The Scoop  5 out of 6 points
rate this current book five
Rate the current novel two points
Rate The Broken Spears with 2 stars.
Give the current series a two
I rate this textbook 0
rate this textbook a one
give Private Games 3 stars out of 6
I think this album deserves 0 points
Rate She: A History of Adventure a one of 6
Give the current book 5 out of 6 points.
rate the current essay a three
give three points to current book
I want to give this current novel 4 points
Rate this book 5 stars out of 6
River Secrets deserves a best rating of 6 but zero points
I'm giving this book series four points
Give this textbook one stars out of 6
rate The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul 5 stars
rate this book called The Last of the Wine two out of 6 points
Rate my current essay zero out of 6
Rate Incomplete Nature three of 6 stars
Give this book a rating of four out of 6.
Rate this novel one of 6
give this current essay a 3 out of 6
this chronicle of The Origins and History of Consciousness is a three
I'd rate Days of Blood and Starlight a 4
Give this chronicle 4 stars.
Rate this book five of 6 points
Rate The Young Elites series 1 of 6 points
Rate The Warrior Prophet 3 of 6 stars
Peter and the Piskies: Cornish Folk and Fairy Tales only gets a three out of 6. 
rate current saga one point out of 6
I rate the current album four of 6
Rate this album 2 out of 6
rate Orion in the Dying Time four stars
Rate the Parable of the Sower a 2 out of 6
I want to give The Canon of Medicine one out of 6 stars 
rate The Promise 1 points
I'd rate this book 1 of 6 stars
Give my current book 4 stars.
Rate Real World four out of 6 
Rate this chronicle 0 stars
Rate current novel 3 stars
I give a 4 to 3 Willows: The Sisterhood Grows.
Rate Cold Comfort Farm a three out of 6 total
rate this current textbook 0 points
Folk and Fairy Tales gets 1 out of 6 points
Give this book four stars as a rating review.
Can you rate this current essay with zero stars?
The Citrus Industry is a four rating value and a best rating of 6
give Under the Sign of Saturn a four out of 6
give the current book zero of 6
The previous essay gets 0 out of 6 possible stars
rate the book The World Is Full of Divorced Women 2 out of 6 stars
I would rate Coming Through Slaughter a four out of 6.
Rate the current chronicle 0 out 6 stars
give this album three out of 6 points
I would give this current novel a value of 3 and a rating of 6
Give the current album 2 out of 6 points.
The book The Chymical Wedding is only worth 3 points.
rate this novel four points
I want to give the current album 2 stars
The Law of Dreams gets a low rating of one
rate this book titled The Silver Chalice a 1
Rate my current book 1 out of 6 points
rate current textbook 0
I give Rogue Ship 5 out of 6.
Rate this novel 4 points out of 6
Give the current book four stars
give this textbook four stars
I'd give The Jewel in the Crown saga four of 6 stars
How do I rate the book White Teeth only 4 stars?
Rate Short Trips: Destination Prague five out of 6
rate The Writing on the Hearth 2 out of 6 points
rate Hunting and Gathering a two
rate this essay zero  of 6
 points
rate the book The Rod of Seven Parts 4 points
1 point for this next textbook
Rate the Under the Sign of Saturn 0 of 6
rate The Zenith Angle one out of 6 points
rating points for Castles of Steel out of 6 are 5
give zero star for current album
Rate the current chronicle a one
rate the book A Girl, a Man, and a River a five
Give Setting Free the Bears series a four out of 6 stars rating.
this essay should get 1 of the points
I rate A Moment in Time  a 5
rate the next book four stars
To the Stars: The Autobiography of George Takei gets four out of 6 stars
give 5 out of 6 to this album
Rate Red Nails two of 6 stars
Rate Primal Fear one of 6
Give this series three points out of 6.
rate To Your Scattered Bodies Go a 1 out of 6
I would give The Call of the Toad a value of zero and a best rating of 6
Rate the current essay 5 stars
I would give The Minority Report a rating of 0 points
one stars for the following album
I want to give Gay Male Pornography: An Issue of Sex Discrimination a 1 
give The Enemy Within saga 3 stars for me
give zero rating to The Deed of Paksenarrion
Rate this album 4 points
Rate the current textbook one stars
rate The Gutting of Couffignal one points
rate the current book series two out of 6 stars
I want to give the current novel 5 out of 6 points
Rate Voyage in the Dark 3 of 6
Give the current book im reading zero points out of 6.
rate this novel zero out of 6
Rate The Crossroads 4 of 6 stars
I give a rating of 4 out of 6 for the book My Sister and I
This current textbook deserves a rating of 3 points and a best rating of 6
this horrible essay gets zero out of 6 stars
The A Mighty Fortress series should be rated a two
Give one out of 6 stars to The Shiva Option
rate Understanding Physics 5 out of 6
Rate The Grisly Wife three points out of 6
Contemporary Religious Satanism gets a 3 rating
Rate the Beyond This Place chronicle three of 6
I think The Turbulent Term of Tyke Tiler is a rating of 3.
0 stars for this current saga
I'd rate Glaring Through Oblivion a zero of 6
I would rate this current textbook four stars
rate Girls Forever Brave and True zero points
I give the book The Silence of the Lambs a rating of zero of a possiable 6
I want to rate The Turbulent Term of Tyke Tiler a 3
rate Heath Ledger: His Beautiful Life and Mysterious Death 1 stars
I want to give the current novel 4 stars
Rate The Travels of Lao Can five out of 6
Rate Seven Pillars of Wisdom two points
Give this album a three
Rate the book An Appeal from the New to the Old Whigs a 0
Rate the Michel Strogoff saga four of 6
Rate the current novel four out of 6 points
I gave The Hand of Zei series three of 6 stars
Can i add the a rating of two out of 6 stars to the book The Pocket Book of Boners
give four out of 6 points to this essay
I'd rate this novel at 2 points
I give this textbook a four
I am giving this current album a rating of four out of 6 points
Season of the Witch: How the Occult Saved Rock and Roll gets five points
Rate the current novel five of 6 points
Give the current novel 3 stars.
Rate this essay 3 of 6 points
Why Buffy Matters is zero out of 6 points.
Give Upon Some Midnights Clear chronicle four out of 6 for a rating.
rate this current novel a 3
Rate Of the Subcontract a 0
Rate this album two out of 6
give five stars to current album
I give the following album a zero.
Rate this album zero of 6 points
Rate my current novel 2 out of 6 points
give 5 out of 6 to this book
Give the current novel a rating of 5 out of 6.
give five points to The Tenor Wore Tapshoes
rate the book Who Will Cry When You Die one out of 6 stars
rate this textbook 2 stars
rate A Thousand Lies series a 3
Rate this series five out of 6
The Far Side of the World chronicle deserves three out of 6 points.
Rate the current book one of 6 points
give 2 out of 6 to Smoke in the Forest
give 5 points to current novel
This current album would get 6 stars or a rating value of 1
rate this novel a two
I award this next series 0 points
rate this chronicle two points
rate The Race a two
rate this book 2 of 6
 points
rate Pastwatch: The Redemption of Christopher Columbus chronicle zero points
I want to rate this novel three out of 6
rate this textbook four stars
rate this essay 5 of 6
Rate this album 3 stars
my rating for Dilvish, the Damned is 4 out of 6
rat the current textbook a two out of 6 points
give four out of 6 stars to this textbook
Rate Cuisines of the Axis of Evil and Other Irritating States one out of 6
rate current book 0 stars
rate this book titled House of Dolls three out of 6 stars
rate The Road to Reality: A Complete Guide to the Laws of the Universe two points
I want to give the current saga a five
this horrible textbook deserves a 0 rating
Rate the current essay 4 stars
rate Dragons of Spring Dawning 3 stars
I'm giving 0 points to A New Lease of Death.
give three stars out of 6 in current essay
I'd give this essay a three of 6
I think the chronicle entitled The Spirit of St. Louis should be given a zero rating.
rate this textbook 5 stars
rate this textbook a four
Give The Spirit House  a 4 out of 6
rate this book titled The Clue in the Old Album one out of 6 stars
Rate my current novel 0 out of 6 points
give this textbook a 4
My rating for The Eiffel Tower and Other Mythologies is 0 out of 6 stars
Rate Book of the Dead three stars
I give What We Talk About When We Talk About Love a two of 6
rate the Effortless Mastery chronicle a 4
I would rate this book 3 points out of 6
Rate this novel 1 out of 6 points
The current essay is a three of 6
rate The Sail and Steam Navy List 5 stars
I rate this novel 5 of 6
Rate the current album a four
rate The Other Wind 2 of 6
give two out of 6 points to current album
Rate the Ninth Key 3 of 6 points
For the book Ethics, my rating is 2 out of 6
Rate current series one
Rate The Postman Always Rings Twice zero stars out of 6.
Give Modern Glamour: The Art of Unexpected Style three out of 6 stars
give The Creator zero points out of 6
rate How to Eat Fried Worms two stars
Give this series 4 stars
Rate Paradise News 2 out of 6
Rate The Type One Super Robot five of 6 stars
Rate this textbook 5 points out of 6.
rate The Manxman 5 out of 6
I want to give Among the Enemy 4 out of 6 points
rate The Breaking Point a three
Rate this book a 0
I am giving Dead Souls a five rating
Rate Deception a one
Rate this album zero of 6
Rate A Spot of Bother 3 stars
Rate Therapy a zero
Rate The Anatomy of Melancholy 1 stars
 I would give this current book a rating a five and a best rating of 6
Freud: The Mind of the Moralist should be rated 2 stars with a best rating of 6
I rate Egg Collecting and Bird Life of Australia a zero out of 6 points
rate the series The Quantity Theory of Insanity 1
give five points to current textbook
Give Directive 51 three out of 6.
For The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Nightdress I rate it 2 of 6 points
My Idea of Fun is a book that should get 2 stars.
rate this book series zero out of 6 points
The Revolution Script should have a rating value of three and a best rating of 6
I want to give The Plague Lords of Ruel 0 stars
Award a rating of 2 stars out of 6 to Confessions of an economic hit man
give the current album a 1
Rate the Sacred Fire series 5 points
rate the current textbook a 5
I give Cross Country four out of 6.
rate the current album a zero
I want to rate the current chronicle a two
rate this novel 4 out of 6
rate the book chronicle The Obama Nation a 4
rate The Braindead Megaphone series zero out of 6 points
give 5 out of 6 points to Thorn Castle
give two star to As Long as We Both Shall Live book
Rate The Cherryh Odyssey three of 6 stars
Give the current novel I am reading a five stars rating.
rate The Tom Thomson Mystery 1 stars
Rate this novel five of 6
I am giving Fifty Years a Hunter and Trapper a 1 rating.
this book gets out of a total of 6 stars only 1
give three stars to Talbot Mundy: Messenger of Destiny
Give Who? 1 out of 6 stars 
Rate Lamy of Santa Fe 5 of 6 stars
Give four stars out of 6 to Practice to Deceive
Rate this book 3 of 6
Rate The Lie Tree five
Give 99 Coffins 0 stars out of 6.
Rate DNA Repair and Mutagenesis four stars
give 0 out of 6 points to this album
Rate this textbook 5 stars out of 6
Rate The Bell Curve a three.
I want to give The Pilgrims of Rayne three out of 6 stars 
The current novel in this series gets zero points from me.
I give the current textbook a four points rating
How can I rate the current chronicle 5 stars?
The Sins of the Cities of the Plain gets a rating of one
I want to give this essay zero out of 6
Rate The Honourable Jim a three
Rate Gilgamesh the King 5 out of 6
rate this novel a four
Rate Definitely Dead saga 5 points out of 6
give 0 points to current series
I am rating this current novel three out of 6 points. 
Rate The Scarab Murder Case a one
give four out of 6 points to current novel
give one out of 6 points to The Psychopathic God series
Rate Seeing the Big Picture a zero out of 6 points
this textbook rates a 4 of 6.
I give this series a value of one and a best rating of 6
Rate A Conspiracy of Paper  4 of 6
rate the current textbook 4 of 6 points
Rate The Man Who Sold the Moon a 5.
give one out o 6 stars to this chronicle
I'd give the Embers of War saga a rating of 2 points.
I gave the current album two stars
I rate Step by Wicked Step 1 stars
rate The Stone Key a 5
give five out of 6 to this novel
The book the Gardens of the Moon deserves only 1 stars.
I give this book a 5.
I give this series a one out of 6
zero points for Birds of South Asia. The Ripley Guide
The current essay feels like a 3.
Out of a possiable 6 I give Jip, His Story a 0
I am giving this current book under the series section one stars
give four out of 6 stars to current essay
Give the book The Adventures of James Bond Junior 003½ 2 points for a rating.
Give this album 1 stars.
Give The Snows of Kilimanjaro 3 stars.
give zero points to current album
I want to rate The Obama Syndrome zero of 6
Rate Puttering About in a Small Land zero out of 6 stars
Rate the City of Lost Souls one of 6 points
rate Quantum Theology one out of 6
Rate this current saga one points
I'd like to give The Harder They Come two points
I think the Dictionary of New Zealand Biography deserves 2 points
I rate Shadow of Suribachi at five stars.
Give After Having Spent a Night Among Horses 0 out of 6.
the current rating of 6 out of two for a textbook
Give the saga called The Bridges of Madison County four of 6 stars.
The Postman is awful and only gets a 1 out of 6. 
Rate 12: The Elements of Great Managing a 0
I give The French Suicide 5 stars
give 5 points to The White Hotel
I give Christianity not Mysterious 1 out of 6 points.
give five stars to The Songlines
rate the book The Nightmare Lands 0 out of 6 stars
rate this textbook 0 stars
give 5 out of 6 stars to Coming Home
Give Drift: The Unmooring of American Military Power 0 out of 6 points.
give 1 out of 6 points to Revolution World
Rate this essay zero stars out of 6