Her greatest dream is to unravel the mysteries of nature as a physicist.
I am always happy when I am eating ice-cream.
You should never cross the street when the traffic light shows red.
Her father whispered to him, "I am so proud of you!"
Go and never look back.
Is he really supposed to read that many books on philosophy?
I could have drawn this picture!
Being surrounded by so many people made him feel uncomfortable.
Each snowflake is as unique as a grain of sand.
She spent almost all night finishing her thesis.
So, you made this delicious meal for her?
Could you be any less specific?
If you had known me you would have offered me a cup of tea.
"I will find you.", she promised the little girl.
I could buy some new clothes with all that money.
Whenever I fall asleep, I don't dream.
Last week, I went hiking in the mountains.
Yeah, you could have said so!
Did she solve the riddle all by herself?
Was it luck that I avoided the spoiled cake?
On rainy days I will play inside.
We never lost a match against them.
Did you invite him to the concert?
We will have to run if we want to catch that bus.
She crossed the finish line just in time.
The girls are going to the movie theater.
She enjoyed her weekend trip to the Baltic sea.
"Let's fly to the stars together", he suggested.
Can you lend me your bicycle for a while.
We have run into each before, haven't we?
She, as a member of the king's holy knights, had sworn an oath.
Was it raining last night?
Don't worry about him, he'll be fine.
For occupying the wrong parking lot he had to pay a fine.
I was so dissappointed.
"Imagine what we could have achieved together!", he sobbed.
Turn off the TV immediately!
I can only repeat myself that this was not the plan.
The sun burned mercilessly from the sky.
It was due to her knowledge and experience that she solved the mystery first.
I never saw that car before in my whole life.
That hole in the wall was too small for him to fit through.
If I only could call my mom.
"This can't be stressed enough: I am innocent!", he cried desperately.
In biology we study plants and animals in their natural environment.
She needed to be pretty observant to have noticed such a small crack.
His t-shirt was drenched in sweat.
My laptop broke when I dropped it.
This must obviously be a challenge for her.
It is always nice to hear that your presence is appreciated.
